Hello everyone, I am Amit Tiwari for Amit

Tiwari dot net and this is our advance

The next class of SEO course which is very

It is exciting and you guys are the most awaited

I was doing this class. having good backlinks

There is no class. content writing class

Is. In today's class we will learn

How you manage different types of content

You can write safely. By using AI and

Even using your own hands. This

We did content planning before class.

class and before that we used keyword

It is a research class. If you are in this class

Want to take full advantage of it. you want

If you get 100% value of this then those two

Don't miss classes, watch every minute

Go. Anyway, if you have already completed this course

Have been watching since. If you have a middle

I haven't missed two classes. Only then will you get this

You will get full benefit from the class. those who miss

By picking and dropping, by picking and choosing

attending classes, they

You will not get the benefit of the course. I

Can guarantee you that. Now in today's class

The topic we are going to discuss is

that all our different types

contents are interconnected between them

What is the difference between them? What was the specialty

Is? For example, there is a late success story

So what is special about it? Joe blogs about her

Makes it different from the post. This is our point

Will discuss. But apart from that, the one

Very important question for all students

They keep asking us and they

The question is about AI related content

I also answer all those questions.

Are. Discuss them first

Are. So the first question which is the most

It is often asked whether Google AI

Has generated content been banned? What

My concerns about using AI-generated content

The website will be deindexed or

Will he get any punishment? Penalty

Will I get it? It's not like that. Google's very own

statement that Google AI generated content

or any human-generated content

It doesn't make any difference. Google to see this

I don't want any particular content

Is it generated by AI or humans?

It is written. He does not differentiate between

He wants to. Now doubt will arise here. You

The question will arise in people's minds that we

I visited such and such website. He had told that

Look, I've published so much AI content.

I did it and see my website is now ranked.

It went down. A lot of people are using this on Lindin

are posting such posts and they are not false

Are. Here you will be directed towards another system.

Need to pay attention. The name of this system

There is scaled content abuse. This is Google's

Spam is one of the policies. What does it mean

What is? that if you are from any medium

Many on one website through any medium

Publish a large amount of content.

Because you want a lot of it

Google indexes the content and gives you a lot of

Get all the traffic. So this is Google's spam.

This is a violation of policies and for this Google

It can also deindex your website.

could eliminate his rank. His

Can chew up traffic. Now this

Google does not provide any number that

After how many thousands or how many lakhs of pages

Skilled Content Abuse Policy Implementation

Will happen. From the letters that you suddenly have a company

Latch overnight and you've hit 1000 tool markets

I launched it. There are 1000 different Sass tools.

Someone does keyword research, someone else does something.

He does it, someone makes a splash. And all of these

For 1000 contents, you can use 10-10 pieces.

Content writes different how these tools

Use it? Its support, trouble shooting

Etc. etc., all the content is there. This content you

Publish it overnight. on the website

There will be no impact. Because you have 1000

The tools have also been launched. He needs 1000 tools

1 lakh pages for You have written the content.

Will go. But if you reach 1 lakh pages overnight

You publish it just because. your blog

Tha is normal, right? There was a travel blog.

You published 100,000 pages overnight.

How to travel to Tripura, How to travel

Sikkim, How to Travel Nagaland, How to

Travel West Bengal. You have made millions of such

Pages were created for each city. Then

Scaled content abuse on the website

The policy will definitely be implemented. would now

What is it that there is no such company which

will give jobs to 1000 people overnight that you

People should sit down and write content. Then that conant

Will publish it. This will not happen. This which

1 lakh pages will be published overnight.

Only AI will be used for this. That's why

It seems that the content was written and inserted using AI.

Was. That's why Google de-indexed it.

Gave. No, the de-indexing has happened because

Because overnight there were a large number of

Just to fool Google searches.

The content was written. So now you think about it like this

Go to the police station and ring the bell repeatedly.

Play it and come back. Isn't it? So what will happen? Police

They will catch him and beat him up. something like that

It is there. You can complete Google's search.

If you want that punishment for your own benefit, then

do. What will happen besides that? So its

A follow-up question also arises as to whether

Google AI Generated Content and Humans

really any in between content

Isn't it making a difference? Well Google that

The difference is that it is of poor quality

content and with AI

Generation of poor quality content

The chances become very high. one then

His inbuilt weakness is that he hallucinates.

Are. Like when a person tells a lie,

It is called throwing. So when the system computer

If the system lies, it hallucinates.

They say to do. Fancy word he used his

I have taken it out so that it doesn't feel like anything

I am making a mistake. So this hallucination is a

So anyway poor quality content is generated

Can do. Secondly, people who use

Normal people use it when generating content

Chat to U GPD or any

He used his LLM in a very bad way.

Let's do it from. So the content that comes out

It comes in even worse quality.

It happens and our first language

I also don't know English, that's why many times we

They fail to spot flaws and the content

Just publish it and its result

It happens that the content of our website

Google catches on quickly. another one here

The question comes. It is asked very often.

It is also important to answer that if I

If AI content is written, then humanize it.

How to do? Lots of posts on Lindin

Are. Gives tips to humanize.

Some are blogs, some are videos. my one

This is the answer. See if there is cow dung lying around.

It smells bad and is not edible.

can be made. Isn't it? All of these

Whatever tricks are going to be given, do this

Have been. They are removing the smell from the cow dung.

It still becomes unfit for eating.

Right? If that content is bad, that AI

Whether it is generated or human generated, you

Cannot be humanized in any way

Are. Either it's good or it's not

will be. Either you learn how to make good content

Writing through AI or leaving it be

Two. Ok? If at this moment you

Absolutely not used in your process

Do you. In the process of writing content

You will be left behind. because your competitors

You are doing it, right? That compares well

Create your content in less time using AI

He is writing. After this, Technical SEO

The above is working. And you either sit down

You are busy writing. for fear that

Look, if I write AI content, Google

He will catch you and punish you. So you stay behind

You will go. That's why use AI in a good way.

Today we learn to write content by doing this.

Ok? Let's go to the computer screen.

Finally, it will not be lifted back to the mouth.

[music]

Now before we get into the different content types

Start talking about it. you something

Let me tell you things that are available on chat, GPT or any other platform.

I also write content with LLM Bot.

You should remember the time. Look, we are now

How to write content. Let's go chat

gpt.com

But

And I haven't logged in. These Pro

There is no account. I don't have a Plus account. tree

There is no account. By using the free one, we

I do all the work so that everyone can follow it.

Can do it. Here I enter my print

Am. Right

A 200 words long

Ass on cow. Ok? We all did it at school

First essay on cow

I started writing like this. The Cow is a

Gentle and Useful Domestic Animals Found

All Over the World. It is highly valued for

Meni. This is your entire content.

Saw it here. Ok? Similar blocks

Do you write posts? You don't write, right? Any

No matter. No need to tell. I

I will tell you what this is. What we have now

I have given it. said something to this script

goes. Old students will remember.

He might be laughing. any comments

Will not write quickly in the box. like this

The form of is called zero short

Prt. Ok? Zero short. because you

No example was given here.

You said a 200 word essay on cow.

Write it down. How to write? whether it is in

Needed? What should not happen? any help

There is no document whatsoever. only you

Chat GPT was blinded like this. So

He will bring whatever he thinks is right.

By writing. And what will feel right? because this

I have an LLM. It has covered a lot of content

Have taken training. So it can be cut into as many cows as

You might have found something written above like this: bad, good,

He wrote it by taking average content from everyone.

Gave. There is no need for quality because

You also did not say anything. Now, in the same way, when

We write content and we think

Whether our content is good or bad or something

There is more too. All those expectations are bad

Is. We have to use one short prop.

What is One Shot Prep? People have some

You must have guessed it. Some people guessed

Must have taken it. One shot print means that when

We can chat with GPT or LLM as a

Let me give you an example. Let me give you an example.

Similarly, there is another type called Few Short.

Props.

Few short means that you have more than one

You give examples. Now if an example

We give chat to GPT or to LLM

So obviously a similar example

Will write a good essay or content piece. Forest

Shot Prt. But if you have more than one

If you give an example then he will have

There is more context. He knows that

Yes, okay, an average of all these styles.

I have to write content after removing it. Accuracy

And it increases further. Increase the quality of content

She goes. The style increases. If your

A certain type of article on the website

Are written. his language style

It is the same. So if you want to promote your articles

Older articles are provided as examples.

If you do it then it will be one shot ready and

Similar content to those articles

GPT will write further in the future. this benefit

Done. So here we have a new

The concept arrived. Zero short prep, one

Short prep, few short prep. Ok?

Let us use this as an example once.

Let's see. So here's a research paper.

It is on the cow. I will copy it. here

I will come back. refresh once

I am this window. Write here

This is a research.

Now let's type here right a 200

Words Long Essay

On cow.

I want this ass. Too much detail

I am not writing the language. Ok? Very

I didn't read much about anything technical here and there.

Have not put it. Alldo we can do it.

But for now, I'll leave all that aside.

Am. And then press the enter button

Am. I have taken the entire article here.

It has been pasted. Ok? press the enter button

Let's press. And now let's look here

How is the content coming? The Cow Nature Eternal

Gift to Mankind. The Cow Has For

Millennia stood as a symbol of inviolability,

Nourishment, then peaceful coexistence

Between Man and Nature. immediately you see

How are you changing the quality of content?

It's done. How good his style has become.

It has been polished. Right? She is in the

In the truest sense the first mother of the human race

From the ancient Vedic traditions of

India to the dairy brains of American

Midwest. The Cow Has Remained Statefast

Provider of life sustaining milk a near

Perfect food. It suddenly increased, right?

The quality increased. Why did it increase? this this I

Haven't done anything new. just one example

Has been provided. If this example is funny

If this happens, the output will change again here.

go. If it is a bit jolly or techy in nature

If it was in or if it had more data then this

It would have changed again automatically. So you

Improve the quality of your content with a simple

You can improve it with exercise. that is

Called one shot prop or few short

Prtps.

Ok? Apart from this, we use another method

Improve the quality of your content

to improvise and with

To eliminate hallucinations. How

We do? Complete this exercise as well.

Let's take it. I'm here a little bit right now

I become lazy and this whole improv

I will copy it. Ok? again

Let's refresh this window. here

I am pasting the propt again.

That means my first instruction is right.

A 200 Words Long Essay on Cow and Then

After this I Want It To Be This Ass

Something like this. Ok? and then its

I'll add more lines later. Do Not Start

Writing Immediately

Gather

All Facts

End

Match Them With the Facts Do Not

Write Any Line That You Can't Back Up With

Real Word

Soz and Soz

Link. So here we are talking about Chat GPT.

I am giving instructions not to write immediately

Get started. First, all the facts

gather. Matching with the source

And don't use any such artificial facts.

which can be done from a backup source or from a link.

Unable to verify. a little exercise

But this does not affect the quality of your content.

It will improve. Because this chat is GPT

hallucinations or any other

Any number of hallucinations in the LLM model

If there are any, it can reduce them a little. Our

60 to 70% off on the experience

Hallucinations are reduced with this simple line

Through. So once I press the enter button again

I press the . And then here

A small notification is coming that brother log

Do it with these only. Not doing it. Now come here

goes

Taking all these facts, he presented them.

Have given. Ok? All the facts were here

But the facts are all of these. They are all here.

Right? Now using these supported points

Now here again he has written to Ess.

So if you have any doubts here

that a particular point is wrong

So it is not. You can find its source above.

Will go. So now when you want to share your content with your

If you use it on the website, you will have

There are external links, references,

There are sources. Where did this content come from?

Has it not been revealed? I did not tell a lie

Is. Alldo here you still have one

It is your responsibility to ensure that you follow these links.

Go and check one by one. because many

Bar Chat GPT has been caught. Such

Creates imaginary links and presents them

Is. But still the quality of your content

It improves immediately with just

This one simple line. Do Not Start

Writing Immediately Gather All the Facts and

Match them with the source. Do Not Write Any

Line That You Can't Back Up With the Real

Source and link. So now you have the content

The facts are already present in what has come.

Then there is the content. Write comfortably and gracefully.

Why will Google punish? Why your

Will it rank out the website? bring it here

One thing you still need to keep in mind is that you

Scaled Content Abuse Policy to avoid.

Doing this also does not mean that 1 lakh

Publish the pages overnight. Don’t want to do

Is. Ok? The velocity of your content

Improve gradually accordingly. 1 month

If you wrote 10 then make it 1000. then do 1500

Then do 2000 comfortably. Ok? would come now

Back to our content types

We have to write it actually. All this

Zero shot one shot remove and here

We can also create content by writing and editing each content type individually.

Let's start explaining. To all

The first content type we need to write is

Guide. Ok? And our topic in the guide

Tha Woh Tha How to Choose Best Dental Clinic

In Delhi. Now this kind of content which

The purpose is that it is informational

Satisfying the intent. That means you

Giving information to someone. And whenever

If you give information to someone, you

What do you get in return? Authority. You

Told someone the way. You got the authority.

That means you are a very good expert.

If you stand in the middle of a metro station

What happens? People all ask you for directions

let start. Which metro from where?

She goes? Your authority becomes that

For the moment. Ok? So whenever we guide

We will write that our intention will be that we

Information has to be provided. Ok? Now

Now you will provide information but

Then what is its actual structure?

will be? So here I am with this content.

In this you will get structure with H1 H2

Let me explain. So our topic is

How to Choose the Best Dental Clinic in India

Delhi. So what will be my H1? Article

The title of the will be How to Choose the

Best Dental Clinic

In Delhi. Ok? And also you can do this

By installing it or by putting a pipe here as well

You can add another one of yours for attention.

Step by step guide. Ok? This is our

There will be a title for the article and also an H1.

Will go. Now we are on the meta elements.

Will come. Like H1, Meta Title, Description

And a class will do specific meta

Over the elements. That's where it will give you more

You will understand it in detail. Butt it inside

What should the content be? We understand this

Now. H2 will be check dentist qualification.

Ok?

The second will be H2

Look for patient reviews and

Testimonials.

The third will remain H2. Visit the

Clinic for Cleanliness and Habit Checkup.

Ok? In fact, they do one thing. Make this H3

Let's take it. Ok? This is a bit too much

It's a minute point. Where most people

You go to the dentist to do that.

Cleanliness of the area before the visit

Will go to check. But we need an article

A little bit has to be done big time. We write it down.

Here we again write H2 which is

that will be compared

Treatment Cost and Technology. Ok?

After that another H2 will come

Consultation Plus CTA. What happened to the CTA?

CTA means call to action. here

I will write it down. Call to action.

Ok? Now through this call to action we

basically make demands on people

Whatever you want to get done. That is, if

If anyone has read such a big content piece then

What will he do? Either book an appointment

will do it or fill the form or something else

Will he read the article or your social media?

Follow you or your Instagram

Watch the reel of. What to do? If you someone

Won't tell you how to watch a piece of content

What to do after that is actually

No one will be able to take any action. You only have your

The audience has to be guided. Ok? So

Having a CTI call to action is also a part of the content.

It is very important later. Now this which

We have written H1, H2, H3 so far, so be

Maybe new students a little

I feel confused as to what I am doing here and there H1,

I am talking about H2. So once again

I will come to this page. This is what we just did

I accidentally opened a page in between.

What is the structure like you see here?

What is the title of this particular page? This

What information is given on this page?

What is the topic United Kingdom BSc

The outbreak is simple, it seems obvious.

It may have been but the purpose of this page is

The main title of this page will be its H1.

And this in itself is a key component of SEO practice.

According to this, it should be H1 only. Here is H1

What is visible here is H1 only. Correct

Is? Let's come back here. Now after this

What is the second big heading visible?

Background.

Below H1. Right? It is important.

But this was the main item, right? Now in this main

It must be related to the item. Background

whose? This is its background. Ok?

The background image does not have a background.

I don't have a background. United Kingdom

BSC is the background of the outbreak. Correct

Is? So what should this be? H2 being

Needed If we right click on it

Let's see here you can see this H2

Used to be. Ok? Wikipedia is a large website

Is. SEO has been hired. now is

Even inside an element with a background

There may be headings. Right? So we make these

What do you give? S3 Ye Jo BSC End

The prime disease that is visible is

Comes in the background. So we make it

What will you give? H3 will give a tag. come here

Let's go. This is H3. Correct? Now anyway

If we look inside the HTML element H1

happens, H2 happens, H3 happens, H4 happens

Yes, there is H5 also, there is H6 also. You

Keep increasing the numbers. But if you are a good

Healthy Beautiful SEO So H1 2 3 Thats

It. The H1 will always be the title of your article.

There will be only one. Ok? H2 May you have more

Can. But H3 should never be such that

Much higher than the number of H2. 10 12 times

Are. This should not be done. little ratio

Should remain. Like for example here

If I have an H1, then I have an H2 below it.

will be. Ok? Which is part of H1. Now

I can have two H3s below this H2. One

This is H3. One it's done H3. Ok?

After this, another H2 will come. inside it too

Another H3 done. Another H3 done. Correct

Is? Then another H2 may follow. H2

You can put two H3s inside. 3 H3 Felt

You can. If you don't want to do more than this

If needed, it means that you have covered the topic

Got caught something a little more complicated. So now if

If we come here and look at this element

H1 So ours is fine. But H2 is what it is

No H3 below it. which is here

I created an H2 and there's only one below it.

H3 is coming. So that in itself is a little bit

It seems incomplete, right? Why do you feel like this?

Because we are not writing content right now.

We have made an outline. This outline

I want to write content using Chat

Via GPT. So now I will show you an example

I give. This is how to choose the best dental care.

Clinic in Delhi. I have discussed this topic

Caught you. Refreshing the chat by singing GPT

and here it's called right me

A Guide to Posting on the Website

following

Topic What is topic this enter button

Let's press. Write content here

Started it. How to Choose the Best Dental

Clinic Complete Guide. bl bl bl here

But he started writing anything. Your

There is no pre-existing guideline. Some?

He will also write this. Ok? It is good, it is bad,

you know nothing. Ok? So, we

Now let us use the second method here. This

Let's refresh it. Come and over here

We take our structure as it is.

Are. We copied everything. come back

Let's go. Here we write write me a

Guide on the Following

Topic

To post on the website.

And then after this here we have given the topic

Gave. Topic ok. Then add another line

Are. Here are the headings that I want to

Use in this guide. I Have Not Added Enough H3

Headings. Make Sure That

Each H2

The heading has at least two to three H3

Headings Under It to Expand

Gave

Topic. Ok? And as I wrote the first line

Thee Do Not Use Any Fact That You Cannot

Backup. You can read that entire line here again.

You will write it. Also here is the CTA call to

There is action. What will be the call to action? Yours

Booking website appointments and more.

What will be required for this? You have your

Brand name is also the name of your website.

I will have to tell you, right? So we also have information here

I will give it to you. My website URL is best

dentist dot my business name is best

Dentist and my phone number is +91


Pressed the OK enter button. So here

Chat on GPT started writing

to the content and the content that is written

Exactly as you instructed

The check dentist qualification was given to him only

He is using it. Check Dentist Qualifications

And then the second one after this is H2I here

Look for patient reviews here.

It also used for patient reviews.

Have taken it. And with this, look for patients

We have included some other things under reviews.

No further instructions were given. only this

Had given. Visit the clinic for cleanliness

And hygiene checkup. But here in its place

It has added more things. Check Google

Reviews and Ratings. Look Before and After

Photo, with the visit to the clinic for

Cleanliness and Hygiene Checkup. he is here

That's why it is visible because we have this one

H3 has been added. So Chat GPT gave you

A guide for you using Structure

I wrote it down here. So we have

There is H1, H2, H3 for guides. Right?

Now, what do we do now? What should we do with it?

Evolving the concept a little more

will have to and right now we have where a

Not all H3s are available for H2

We will have to develop them. basically

We need to expand this content further.

Will have to. So when I get an H2, check it out.

Dentist Qualification. So here we are and

How to Check a Dentist's Qualifications

Here's what to do and how to access that content.

Can you expand? So here we are

For H2, those who can make their own H3

Will check

dentist

Medical Qualification and other our H3

The check will be done

dentist

Real word testimonials. Ok? Only

You don't have to look at the degree. We also have this

We have to see what happens to the rest of the patients

Experience with this particular dentist

How have I been? So we have a qualification

The column with qualification which is our

There was going to be a paragraph, we gave it two

Divided into parts. Similarly, we

Here, the same process is followed for this H2 also.

You can repeat it. Now either we

Do it manually or we can do the same for you.

Chat GPT or any LLM tool

You can take help. So from here we

Let's pick up all three. ok and hum

Let's go to Chat GPT. I'm free here

I am using the version. All other videos

Like I always use the free version.

I'll show you as much as possible so you can

Watch this video without any paid subscription

To be able to attend every class, follow

Can. So here I enter my print

I start doing it. You are an experience

Content

Writer. I want to write a guide on the

Following topic. My topic is this. I am

Structuring My Content in One H1 Heading.

Few H2 Headings

And then every H2 heading will have at least

Two to Three H3 Headings That Will Expand

The H2 headings for more in depth

coverage

I am providing

The Current H1, H2, H3 Headings Wherever I Do

Do not have sufficient

H3 Headings Have Expanded

Content. Ok? Now here I am going to put H1, H2, H3

I will paste these three as much as I can.

I have it. And that's it. Let's Wait

What provides us. Ok? So here

But right now you can see we have H1

The heading is already there and the H2

Our check dentist qualification was in that

Four H3 headings have been added here.

Chat GPT. Ah, the second one was H2

The heading was Look for Patient Reviews and

Testimals. There are also four H3 headings.

has been added. which is the

Cleaning for cleanliness and hygiene checkup.

Add four H3 headings here as well.

Gave. Basically this entire topic

Expanding work through this guide book

Chat GP has done it here. So we in

Let's copy everything once and for all

Let's paste it into the document. So

Here we have the structure.

of our content and now we have this structure

You have to write your content using this.

So I'm going to go back here to this chat GPT

And then here I enter on the window

Am. I want to write the complete

Guide on this topic while using the UPV

Menshand

H2 End

H3

Havings Do Not Start

Writing immediately packs and match them with the

Sources That You Already Have

have

Do Not Invent

Any Source and Fact Yourself Always

Use the facts and sources

that you found

All Right and Then Now Also Here

When we enter this format, it

What type of print will it be? This will be the zero shot

Prt. Because we have no examples

Has been provided. If you are in the industry

Anyone can find and bring a guide related to

Are. Do you like any guide or

Guides already ranked on your topic

If so, here is an example of that guide.

Can be provided. for example

Here we are going to explain it in a very simple way.

Let's find a guide and see. So here what

The topic is how to choose the best dental care product.

Clinic in Delhi. Step by step guide.

Now let's look at a small quick example.

and try to find out

The type of content you want to create

how do we find it on Google so you can

Use that particular ranking content

One way to improve this form of yours

In giving an example. So here I am at this

Picks up particular keywords and key phrases

Am. I pick up the topic and search it.

Am. And instead of Delhi, search for New York.

Let's take it.

Ok? Now let's come down here.

and let's look at seven factors two

Find the Best Dentist for Your Needs.

Here's an already NY implant

A website named Dentistry has already

This content is published here and you

See if this content was published

On 2 November 2024. It's almost going to be a year

Used to be. This content is still ranking.

So we clicked on this article.

And this complete guide is here.

It is already available. Either you

Copy the guide and then click on a

Paste your example into the document.

You can upload it as . So here

Let's copy this entire article. End

give after

I paste this into a new document.

I take it.

And then here we take dental

Guide Example

And then download this document

I am in doc format. ok let's come back

Chat on the GPT side. So here's the attach button.

Attach your file by clicking on

Can do. Or there is another simple way

That you copy your content from here.

And then after this directly here

You can also paste it. But directly

There is a problem in pasting

Your example will be very long.

Can. And the context window is

You have such a great example, such great content.

Do not give permission to paste. So a small

C is the problem. But you can already download

The content that you are seeing as an example.

And then after this you can upload it.

are here in this window. right now for the time being

So I just paste the content.

Am. And then after this we move ahead.

Are. Now before I get into the content

Let me paste it. I have to tell you in the prep

That this is an example. here

is an example of the

Dental

Guide Types of Content

Do Not Use Their Headings and Structure

Just Use the Content as Styling

Guide. And then after this we will discuss the content here.

Let's paste it. And then we

Just press the enter button. End

Let's see what kind of chat GPT is here

Content provides me. So now chat

GPT does not start writing content straight away

Will do. First of all, whatever headings there are,

All the headings are there for their sources.

will find and list them so you can keep them in your

Use it later in the content of the article

Sakane Edge Citations Edge References. and once

This is done it will start writing the

Content.

So I entered yes. And now here

But Chatley has to write my content.

Started it. Next is the content type

Tutorial. and how to tutorial

Let us see once what the structure should be.

Let's take it. First of all, try our tutorial

The topic was

How to Prepare for the First Dental

Appointment in Delhi. Now this is our topic

Is. But we will include this topic in our meta title.

I can use it. We call it meta

Use to format the description

Can. But when inside the user page

If it actually comes then we will first

What will the headings show? These are common sorts of

There is a misconception. A common wrong practice is

Those who do SEO, whatever the title is,

and put it in H1. metonymic

The job is to invite people. mettitle

Appears on the search results page. So

The page that appears before you visit it

It's a thing. He should be the inviting type.

Needed It should be of intensifying type.

Clicking should be uniform in these clicks.

But H1 is visible after visiting the page.

is the element. So he has to view the page properly.

Summarize and show that inside the page

What is the user going to get? So here

Whatever my H1 is, it will be first.

Dental Appointment

in Delhi

Here's what to expect. Ok? So

This summarizes it very well.

Is. Now after this, our first H2 heading

Maybe those things will happen.

To bring to your appointment. So who is that

These are the things you need to know about your appointment.

You should keep it with you at the time of. H2 one more

We write here how to communicate

With your dentist. Then the third H2 will be

Questions.

You should ask now. followed by another H2

goes post appointment

Care. Now look carefully here. You

First Dental Appointment in Delhi Wala

You wrote what is an H1. after this

We break down this topic in H2.

Are. If you have a dental appointment

Tutorials that you should provide to someone

want to do. a step by step

If you want to give instructions, you can

What will you say? Someone is your younger brother, you are right

You are saying that look, go to the doctor.

You are telling him everything in detail and comfortably.

let me know. Ok? Everything is clear to him

let me know. Don't hide anything. Isn't it? These

Ask the question. ask this question too

Take. And how to take care after the procedure

Is? What to avoid, what to eat from which day

Want to start? Ask all these things. These

The normal communication we do is

Basically, it is just about expanding that topic.

It works. Many times, when such workshops

We also do content writing, so there

But a common question arises that these things

to bring your you no things to bring to

Your first appointment. these types of things

Who even asks? Who even pays attention?

Who wants to write? Well, this is where you

Differentiate your content from other competitors' content

Can be made different. Because you are bringing

The real word conversations that take place

You are extracting your content inside

yes. And if you just want to get to First Dental

Appointment in Delhi would have given this topic

Chat GPT receives the content

Could have been fluff in itself. But when you h

You are giving two proper, you are a structure

You are providing it to him. Right? Now one more time

When you write down the H2S of this content with you

If we take it then after this we also have a focus

We will have to do that after all,

What CTA should I use along with it? which one is that

There will be a call to action that will be relevant to this content.

It will be most suitable. Meaning of CTA

It is done that after reading this content the user

What should we do? Now right here I am with the CTA

I will write it for you. Visit the Top Dentist

In Delhi.

For a smooth first experience.

This could be our CTA. But the CTA

There are two or four variables in this also.

Like you probably heard about marketing funnels

Whenever I would have searched, I would have read

So there comes a concept called a funnel.

What is a funnel like? funnel type

Is. It is an inverted pyramid with the top

It is wide and the bottom is small.

goes. So this type of marketing funnel

Inside, at every stage when we

If we fit it then its objective is

That changes and based on the objective

But the CTA also changes. So this is what

This is the objective part, now straight away

I will not add it to the class. otherwise

It will get a little complicated. So now

We keep the CTA that our CTA

What does it mean? that you read this entire content

Have taken it. Now after this click on this button on this link

Click here and book an appointment.

Basically visit the top dentist in Delhi

For a smooth first experience. That means that

You want to book an appointment.

Right? That's how people will visit. So this

Our CDA will be done for now. now is

The kind of content we focus on

That is our first dental visit.

Above. Because whatever we have here

The content is what its title was, it was how to

Prepare for the First Dental Appointment

In Delhi. Now that age range can be anything.

Yes, the requirement can be anything.

But the person is going for the first time.

Ok? So we need to know the very basic details.

Have to provide. We need to give the user the

Simple Terms in Plain Simple Language

I have to explain it and also give him a little

So they say that we have to console also.

The doctor you go to, the dentist you go to

You are going, he is experienced. Because

If the patient is not experienced and

If the doctor is also inexperienced then the patient

The experience will be bad. the doctor's

There is no harm going to happen. Right? So

First to the inexperienced patient

A doctor needs experience. These

There is always a requirement for all of them. So

We have to focus on experience

Dentist in Delhi is supporting this

Above the keyword. This helps us in our content

Will have to add again and again. Look until you

User means the one who is searching, who is going

is on the website that is going to the dentist

Whoever is going here to get his service

Unless you are in his mindset

By the time you enter, the content will be good.

Will not be able to come. So now the further process is the same.

Will remain. Let us once again share this

Someone or something related to the particular topic

We need to extract a piece of content that we call Edge.

You can use examples. And at the same time we

You will also need to generate H3 for your H2

Which helps to expand individual content

of expanding individual parts

Do the work of. For example, if there is H2 here

Things to Bring to Your Appointment. Now

This has become a topic and a subtopic.

Right? Now how to break down this subtopic further

Have to take it down. So I'm back here chatting

I come to GPT and open a new chat.

And we write first on this new chat

I am writing

A tutorial for my website on the topic

of I'm providing my H1 heading and

h2

Headings

Below

provide

Two to three H3 headings for each H2 heading

Based on the here we have taken out the headings

Lee copy and then after this

Let's paste it and then let's wait. So

Here we have this H1 heading by Chat GPT

We have the same H2 heading as well.

That's it. But individual H2 headings

How to expand it further inside

Let's do the content here

Information is being received. Now we all of these

Copy and Directly Chat from GPT

Request to rewrite content

Can do. Obviously together we have a

Examples will also have to be given. So let's start with

Let's find out an example. Ah

How to prepare

For Appointment In Lets to Sydney.

And let's say where on this topic

Who has written the content? How to

Prepare for a dental visit. here

The content is already there. You can copy it.

Obviously here I quickly immediately

Whatever article you get, it is the first

I copy it and use it. But you are

Not going to do that. You actually

You will have to go and read some of the content.

You have to see that actually this

Is it good or not? But let's assume that

This content was good. So here we are again

Can give instructions. Write a

Tutorial on the same topic using

The Above Mentioned

Headings

Keep the style of this content similar

To the article provided below. giving it

After that we paste that content.

And then press the enter button. End

Then here we got the content. it

Writing content. And then here

But all the content will be available. Now this

Tutorial type content comes to us

Already happened. But this content still has a

There is a problem. And that's the problem that still

We have not included any safety information in this content.

The guideline did not provide its own

No imaginary facts in the content

Should be. So once we add this also

Let's take it. Come back here and this

to the particular piece of prop that we gave

Let us edit it first. We

Let's click on the edit button above and then

Here we are at the very end of this process.

Let's add it.

Do not use any

Seconds.

Here we write Q. Do Not Start

Writing Immediately Collects All the Facts

First End

find there

Sources Do Not Invent

Annie

Facts and source URLs

Use only the source

Fact and URL that that

Find Online. Just enter this

After that I save this print.

I click on the send button. and then

This time the way yet chat gpd

I was writing the content in exactly the same way

Will write. That means first provide us

Will give all the facts. and then its

Later he will start writing that content. We

Let us press the enter button here. Yes. End

After this we have the final content here

Will get it. Now till now we have done two types

We have created content and we have created it in two ways.

Precautions have been used. We are number one

Always telling the charts to JPT that

You must use the same fact or URL.

So that you can backup what you are looking for

Online. And number two, whenever you content

are giving to write then you are a

Examples are provided by those who

The example is already coming from a ranking page.

Is. So with two improvements you

Content Quality Normal Random Content

It already increases. many such

Flos and other Flos of the Entente as many

There are automation tools, lots of them.

There are flosses where you get a long, wide

The prop appears. Through that process you

Trying to generate content. But

All those processes should be in a single chain.

It has been happening. where there is room for error

It becomes too much. Different here

What you do is you can change the content in every single step.

Making changes as per your convenience. when first

You did keyword research,

The intent was found. After that, when you

I had created the topic, you were there at every step.

You first developed your headings yourself.

Did. When we are writing H1, when we are writing H2

If you are doing this, then you can do that work yourself with your own hands.

Are doing. After this you can write H3 i.e. and

For finer detailing, finer content

To expand further, you can chat

Let's use GPT. After this you

Identify a content that is your

In some other city for the given topic

Already ranking in another country

Is. It is of high quality. And then after that

Fact based by giving it as an example

Get the content written. So already content

You have improved many times. But

Still, you should take one precaution again and again.

You will have to take precaution and that is to keep your content

Have to check again. As many sources as

The URLs you see here are

You should also recheck all URLs.

That URL is actually available.

It should not happen that no matter how many citations or references

URLs are provided for

Any one should be a four four. He never existed.

So you should check all the URLs once.

Before publishing your content.

Now once again we are back

In this guide, we're creating and

Here we look at the next type of content which

This is a case study. What kind of case study?

Should it be? Now what is the function of case study?

It happens? So the next content type that we

What we are going to make is a case study. and cases

Our topic of study was how we made a

Groom Confident Before His Wedding. Now

When we develop this type of content

If we go, a small question comes up.

How do we differentiate this from a normal article?

Make a difference? And in fact, whatever so far

We have written two-three types of content for him.

if you once superficially from the top if you

If you see it, you will feel that in the article

Also normally I write a heading. H1

I write H2 I write H3. I

I am also writing H1 H2 H3 in a guide. So

After all, what was the difference between the two?

Well, it's a bit like thinking about it,

myself to Amitabh Bachchan and Narendra

Should I compare him to Modi and say that my friend

also has two hands. I also have two legs. Their

also has two hands. There are two legs. They also have two hands

And there are two legs. And yet the three of us

How are they different? Well, whatever the difference is

Yes, that difference comes from the way you use that content.

What are you writing inside? And so far, what we have

I have written two or three types of content pieces.

If you go and look at their headings,

You will understand the difference automatically.

The approach comes from how you present the content.

Delivering with Perspective

Are. So when you look at this class,

Will attend. After this you will get this content

The piece also has to be written. You need that difference, that

Making your own differentiating factor

Will have to. So we come to the next content type.

which is the case study above and this case study

In the one I will tell you apart from the headings

With a slight difference in styling

I will show you. So our topic is

How We Made a Groom Confident Before

Wedding. This is our topic of case study.

Ok? Now what could be my H1 for this?

Is? My H1 would be

V and then whatever the brand name is from Let's

Groom

Style is the brand name right to groom

Style Made

Atul a confident groom before

This wedding has already come on the page.

Right, you can either keep it simply the same.

You can keep the topic as it was before.

But if you want to personalize it,

If you want to give a nice touch

Here we gave the name Grom. Brand

Gave the name of. The brand has also introduced Grom

Made me confident. Ok? This is our

Case study. A case study in itself is a

It is about a particular person. here

There is a small doubt which sometimes becomes a lot

People ask. Like for example someone

Digital marketing agency. Now digital

Marketing agency names of its clients

I don't want to be exposed or

There are doctors. Those doctors treat their patients

I don't want to expose the name of the person.

There is a privacy concern. any problem whatsoever

Can. There could be any reason. Their

The question remains that if we

If we can't even tell the name, then how can we

Tell me? How to create your case study? And

There's no need to write this here.

I don't know what his name was, his village.

What was it? You can simply write this

Groom Style Made 41 Years Old Groom.

Confident Groom Before His Wedding. Right?

What was that? What was special inside Atul that

He was making her feel confident. Right?

There will be some feature or the other. something or the other

There will be a problem. May he was just if he

Only you know emotional or sentimental issues

Well, I was not confident, so then such issues

There is no salon or any parlor.

Can do it. Right? So There Has to Be Some

Sort of reason because of which he

Was inconfident. You can see his differentiating

You can use this feature only in your case

In the study. to identify that person

A name is not always necessary.

Your purpose is to provide a case study. Yours

The purpose is to look at that case study of Google

him to people to other people actually

Recommend to search in that page. Person's

What is your name? This is not important.

What is the client's name? This is important

Not there. What is the name of the agency

It is not important. So we're back here

Bring Atul back once again

Are. Atul is not shy. So my H1 is

He has already arrived. Now after this H2 is mine

What will happen? My H2 here is based on this case study

The challenge will take place inside. because this case

It is study. Case study means there was a problem

You have solved it. So what is the challenge here?

Was? What was Atul's problem? Such as

I just told you that if you don't use the name

If you can do it, then that differentiating factor

You can use whatever you have.

To identify. But when we challenge

So here we will come to this heading

I will have to tell from my side that after all Atul's

What was the problem with it? With Groom

What's the problem with me, what were those issues?

Because of which he does not feel confident.

Were living. Then the headline that comes seconds after this

She goes, she comes, The Treatment Plan.

What was it? Did he change this particular

The business or the business that published this case study

It is written what all did he plan?

How will he make this groom confident?

What changes will you make? change of clothes

I will do it, I will change my personality, my look.

I will change my hairstyle

do. What will happen? about all these things

I will give you the details. And then followed by H2

It comes. Next is The Results.

Where you can see before and after pictures

can provide, can present

can present videos,

Can be embedded. And you can tell

Actually, after all, this groom's first

Problem: You explained the challenge.

Already. You told me your treatment plan.

Gave. And what kind of results have you got now?

You will have to prove that too. and then

After this, the last but very different part

Is who was the groom of this case study

The subject was what he said in itself.

There is no testimonial. Testimonials are your

You will have a very detailed content piece

In which the one who is going to take the service, who

The customer who is about to purchase the product

Yes, he explains this entire process at his point of

Explains from view. But the case

From the point of view of study business

It is explained. So if that groom

He sits down and does a full half-hour interview.

Or do you write retained content for 2020?

In which the groom tells from his side that hi

My name is Atul and I was facing this

And This Problem I Get Got in Touch With

This particular sale on parlor and aesthetic

clinic and they suggested me this and this

Service and then I when I got this

Service This is how I am looking now this be

Testimonial right when Salon turned to his side

From or aesthetic clinic on your side

Explaining the thing, give it in detail

So this is the case study, so for now

We are writing a case study. Here H2 which

Our last one will be what the patient

and groom

Sed. And then after this obviously you are a

You can also add CTO points. Get Your

Dream Smile with Best Dentist in

Delhi brand name etc. whatever it is.

Right? Or get your best or get

Your dream smile for the dream wedding.

Let's Connect It With the Wedding Keyword

Already. Ok? We have H1, H2.

Now what will be the next process after this?

Going to do? You all know. We again

I will go and search on Google whether this

There is already a case study of this kind in which

Any aesthetic clinic, any dental

The clinic based its work on a person's smile.

Have worked. right before her wedding

It could be the groom, it could be the bride.

You just need the style from there. That

You have to pick up the style. Chat to GPT

Have to provide. And Then Chat GPT

Will make you a content piece. you again

Add your print for facts as well

If it happens they will add it. You Do Not Invent

Any fact. Do not do this, do not do that.

But when that content arrives, again you

Will check it again. And then that content you

You can use it safely on your website.

Because when you were planning this content

So you've chosen the style of that content yourself.

I understand. You understood the problem statement

Is. And then you yourself have made this entire guideline.

Have made it. Ok? So this was a case study type of thing.

Content. Now we come to the next content.

The success story above the type. Now if

If we look carefully, case studies and success

Both stories seem similar. what only

Is there a difference? I still mentioned the case study.

That means I told you what the problem was?

What is the session of that problem? and that

How did we achieve the solution? What

What were the results? Has the person said it? who

He has benefited from our service.

What did you say? But a success story

There is a slight difference between these and case studies.

The way that the case study is in itself

It feels like more content. Success

An emotional story along with the story

A tailing approach is taken. So Story

Anyway, that's within this content piece. If we

Going to plan a success story

And we thought of the topic as invisible.

Buses

Rising

Cricket Star Transformed. So what our

The topic of the success story is that it is invisible.

Basse's Rising Cricket Star Transforms

In Delhi. Now this on our own when we

If we write content then this time we will take up challenges.

will not be written separately. We are the treatment

We will not write the plan separately. We are the result

will not be written separately. Rather, we are a

Create a timeline. It's a story.

Right? So how will the story unfold?

That Let's Say That What

Was the person

Doing? from lats

6 Months Ago Right He Was Doing Very Fine

The game was quite good. He is being selected

was everywhere butt as well as her different

I had to go and meet people. And at that

Point of time it was very very

impractical for that particular person to

Have buses. so what

Happened Need for Change

Late from Four Months Ago 4 months ago. Then

What happened that caused that person to

started thinking? what were the

Options Considered? Why They Came To

Invisible Buses. Obviously he said the second

You might have thought about these types of buses. In

B must have thought that over the edge this in itself

Will be OK. Someone may have a home

Remedy will be suggested. Everyone has something in their home

Neither do they exist. Some kind of story

You have to explain. and then its

Later, you will also find something here

Ah, I will have to give stats also. provide

Stats means data supports the decision. So

If this rising cricket star had

Player selected Invisible Basis

So there has to be some data some stats to

Support that decision. You can find that data here

can give. And Then How and When It

Started. from So Let's that 3 months ago

Or 2 months ago that star released Invisible

Started deploying buses. and then how the

Initial

The journey happened. That is, when he saw the invisible

When I started wearing braces, I started using them with lats.

What to do in the first week?

There was a problem he was facing. Frequently

Falling or having trouble playing games

Was being. I was not able to concentrate.

I was feeling a strange sensation in my teeth. How

Did that person actually adopt you?

And then over the period

Of time when the process is completed.

Just a month before the lats, that person

Ours was this part of invisible buses

I completed it. Now his teeth are fine

Have been done. And How It Improved

Gave

Overall experience. So even two which purify this

The process was completed a month ago.

Is. Still, after 1 month that person

How are you feeling? It happens many times. We

When people go through that process,

I don't understand the immediate meaning

It comes. What change has it brought to your life?

What has happened cannot be understood immediately.

Comes in. But after a month a person

Can overall explain to you that this whole

How was his life before the process?

How was it and how is it now, how much improvement has there been?

He can see it. So this is how we

Plan your entire success story

Can. Where we have this whole thing that happened

the event that has happened or the particular

We are talking about service.

His influence in the life of a particular person

How did he come to that decision?

reached and then overall how she completed

Process Completed and Then Now How is

This is the feeling, this is a story, when we are up now

When we made the case study, then this

Built into its own bullet points

It was a thing that happened, but here's this story and

Now you can directly send this story to Chat GD

I can provide that I'm trying

To Write a Success Story of This and This

Person. What is the location of that person? Where

Does it remain? Lives in Delhi, Mumbai

lives in Chandigarh, where

Does it remain? And then after this this whole story

What pointers can I have? End

than that person's actual experience if

You can achieve this success on an actual person.

If you are making a story, then it has its own

Bullet points for experiences here

I can provide it so that the chat can be converted to GPT.

A good story in itself

Make it and give it to me. Now because this is the story. Its

Anybody can be a You Know Factual in themselves.

No information should be used in this

Doing. But if you have any stats and data

If you are searching through Chat GPT

Make sure that the data is verifiable. His

There should be a you know source link and that source link

Be actual. You can go and see it and verify it.

Do it. But once all that is done you have a

There will be success story type content.

And success stories always stay with people.

Connects a lot. to the people

It feels good to read it. and like this

The content of is also very high in the Discover feed.

Performs well. So this was our

The next type of content that is a success

story. We come to the next content type.

Let's go to the video. Video is very

Close to my heart. and video is also

The most understood type of content. whenever

People hear that I have to make a video.

Their first focus is who I am.

I will take the camera. Then the second focus goes to

Who will operate this camera and most importantly

In the end, they think that I have cameras

But what is there to say and this problem is there in every way

This happens along with the video. Corporate

With Videos With Business Videos

This in itself is a big thing.

She goes. So let's go through this process one more time.

Let's see step by step. First of all

We will note down the topic of the video once.

Let's take it. The topic of our video was A Day

In the life for the best dentist. in

Delhi. Now you will know by listening to this topic

It is said that this is about the life of a dentist.

is in. You can either have a camera mounted on a gimbal at the back.

Someone is following the doctor behind him

Walk around and record your day's events

Take. But that's not the smart way of doing it

The video. When the first solo of the video

Whatever happens, that is his script. i.e

what are you going to do in that video

Are? Imprint to recorded

Video. That means suddenly you took the camera

Started recording. That's not it.

You have to create a structure in the video as well.

Is. So first of all we have to think,

We will have to see what we end up doing with this video.

What am I going to show? Right? from lats

That we have to make a script. Now here

But there is no script rate oral video.

In which the doctor is sitting and telling something.

what is a root canal or so and so

What happens? This is a day in his life

About showing slice of life. So

We write in the script but still overall

We can, we can note down

What all are you going to show? like for

Example may be a short tour of home

Or it won't happen. Are you all comfortable or

Not there? You can note this down.

The second will be the clinic walk-through. One

The most important part of a dentist's life is his

There is a clinic. from inside the clinic

After the dentist starts. outside he

Is a person. So after coming into the clinic

Not showing walk through of clinic

Is. From the door until he reaches his cabin

I want to show you all those things by the time I reach there.

Don't want to show it. After this, if the dentist is

So he will interact with the patient. So

Patient interaction should also be there. Now

If you are a dentist, then patient interaction

It will also happen. So we can also consider patient interaction as

You can put it inside the video. Some procedures

Are going to do it. of equipment

If sterilization etc. is being done then we

You can also add it inside it. This

You can add it inside the video. and his

Apart from this, we will also work with the team after this.

You are interacting with that part

We can also cover this in this video.

Are. And then finally after the day

Last evening, outside his clinic

Walking out and looking at the clinic board

You can sum up the video. So

This is how you weave a video.

Can. You can create its structure.

Never watch a video just because

Recording whether to record video

Is. We opened the camera and started recording.

Started it. Whether you know the spokesperson

Make a video of this type. Like I also record

I am doing it or you can do it in any A Day in the Life

Of dentist or any other story

I want to do a video based on my work. near you

There should be structure. you should know

You should know which particular shot you take after which shot.

Which next scene is going to be shot after the scene?

Have been. That is real. Second Mostant

The thing that happens in any video is

Here is his audio. So if you're looking for a day in the life of

You know best dentist in Delhi. this type

If you want to do a video, you

You can also record the voice over later.

Are. But wherever you are, you can always record

In a quiet area where there is no wind noise

Where the room is not too empty, very large

May it not happen so that one does not come. So this kind of

By using a few precautions, you

You can record your video. End

and then upload it to YouTube

and embed it on your website.

A lot of people make the mistake of

Why put it on YouTube? We are our website

But we will embed it directly. Well yours

The website plays that video properly at full speed

Will not be able to play with. Hosting

Companies are not performing so well either.

Gives. So, this was the video type.

Content. Any chat here with GPT help

You don't need to take it. Chat GPT

Don't go and ask him whether this is my video.

What kind of script should I write?

No, not at all. You yourself, doctor, or

dentist or whatever your topic is

video about it, sit down for a while

Think. You will get ideas automatically. Who

Any idea will come, even if it is not the best.

Do it too. Because the chat that GPT will provide

It will be very common. He got 1000 of those kinds of money.

Videos already available on the internet

Will be. So after the video, next content

The topic we are going to cover is

Pillar Page. I was going to write the polar page

Which wood has been written as well. Pillar Page

What is? Pillar Pages Many of your other

A collection of pages is a page. pillar

The work of the page is to keep all your other things in the same place.

All the pages that have the same topic

To act as a hub for and at the same time

You can rank for your main keywords.

Are. Because the strategy you have so far

It was that you have three to five words

You should target the keywords created from them.

So when you have a lot of different keywords

combining pages with variations of

If you list them on the same page, then all those

Keywords have a common factor,

The common denominator is the page for that

automatically gains authority and

begins to rank. a for

For example, whatever we have done here till now

topics have been written, if all those topics

I'll make a list. Let's say this is ours

This is the pillar page. Ok? this this particular

A doc document file is pillar pages. So

If I may first give a guide note here

I am writing after doing this. So if I am the first

I'll link a guide here.

After that I will also share this video here.

I'll link it to the page. after this

I have another success story. That

I will also link the success story here.

I give. Apart from that, we have a case

There is a tutorial. We will also share this tutorial with you

Pick it up and link it to this one page. So

As I move these different pages to this page

But I am going to link it. By the way, mine

This page is all these different keywords.

is housing it. Angry Text From Here

Are getting. from here to the other

Link to important useful page is also available

Is. So this page automatically generates all these different

The common denominator of the topics is and

What is the denominator? Dental clinic his

automatically gains authority for

Topical authority should be strong here.

It begins. So a pillar page basically

It is the hub for your different pages. from there

Links are being provided to your various pages.

Is. Pillar Page and another one

Plays an important role. that happens

Provides internal structure to your pages

and apart from that all your pages

Insuring indexing. from lats

You have just now you have a particular

A new page has been written for the service. Off

Of course, the URL of that new page will be displayed on your site map.

It will happen in. But apart from the site map, internal

It is also important to have a link so that the page can

Find out. And a pillar page from which already

Links are provided to many different pages

It is already done. The pillar page which has good traffic

who already has good authority,

From there you link to a new page and

That page gets indexed automatically.

begins to rank. So our pillars

The topic of the page is Best Dental

Clinics in Delhi Services, Prices,

FAQs and Care Guides. Now Its H One

What can happen; what can be done? Best Dental Clinic in

Delhi Affordable

and Trusted Dental Care. Now, I just

Title written separately and H1 written separately. Now we

I have written so many types of content so far.

That you must have understood the difference. H1

and both the titles or mettitles being similar

Needed There should be no beans. of both of these

The purpose is different. their work is different

Is. Whatever life is for them, whatever

The one who is representing is the same. But

One is that it is an external thing. One is inside

It's a thing. The cloth is the same cloth but its

There are two aspects. one with stitching on the outside

We cannot see that outside world

Let's show the . and the stitching is visible

It is what we keep inside ourselves

Wear it. This is the only difference. Now

H1 We settled. After this we

You will have to give an introduction. Introduction of the

Broad keywords of the

Page

End of all other pages that are linking to it

Okay, what does it mean that we are writing our

We are the best dental clinic in Delhi and we

Services Prices FAQs Care for

The guides are going to write everything down. So what

H one in this particular page of ours

After writing, you can directly link

You won't start pouring, you'll need a little bit

I will have to introduce that best dental

Clinics in Delhi is this particular survey

What do we mean by that? Dental Clinic

How many types are there in Delhi?

Normally the best dental clinic

Why is it yours? What awards did you receive?

etc. etc. you have mixed a little bit of something

You have to give your introduction. Your brand

Name also has to be added here. and its

What will happen to me after H2? H2 will be. This which

We are going to create different segments. As

Our aspect H2 became Services

Of Best Dental Clinic

In Delhi. Then comes H2.

Prices. Then after this comes H2 which is the third H2.

He will go and become FAQ. and its

After the fourth H2 will come our care

Guides.

Ok? So we got four different H2s that

that all four of our separate pillar pages

There are different segments, it will cover them.

Now obviously a clinic of its own.

Services may be available. There can be five servings

Are. We can make all those services H3

Are. So below H2 with these services, H3

What could it be? Obviously services. So here

But H3 will be ours. The first H3 from Let's

We get root canal service. Now this

H3 is done. Inside this H3 you can route

Some information about canal service

Can give to. Now that I am speaking

You can give a little bit of information. So

Always keep one thing in mind, Google is using this AI

Time has already become over smart.

You don't need any basic information about any service.

The difference is this explanation or

I don't want to start explaining its meaning.

What is a root canal? In writing this

You waste your time in two-three lines

Don't do it. Ok? Root canal for your

How is it done at the clinic?

What is the difference? Differentiating

What is a factor? I repeat this word over and over again

I am using it again and again. what is that

Factors that may affect your root canal

His procedure is different from the rest.

Makes. You do it cheap, you do it fast

We do it at night, we do it in the rain

Are. What is that deficiency factor? For him

Tell me. Do not give the definition of root canal.

Because Google already has that definition.

Is. If you provide the definition again

If you do this, you will reduce the value of your page.

Have been. Now this advice is for B2B users.

Can't follow As It Is. Suppose you

About one of the stilting machines

Writing content. Right? Yours here

What will be the topic of the pillar page?

Is? Basically, you are of a particular type.

You created a pillar page about machines.

Took. Now you have seen a diagram of a stilting machine.

Made H3. Now if you know what is a stilting machine?

It happens. You don't give this definition

So there could be a problem. Because Google

As much content as possible about root canals

is that much for your type of stilting machine

It will not be taken. So if you think that

Being a Subject Matter Expert Being In

that industry that my particular type of

Content is not for keywords Google

If you have more then you can define that thing.

Give. But if it is already a popular term

There is already a lot about him.

Much has been written on websites.

Then repeat it and improve the quality of the page.

Do not downvote. right here

Experience comes in handy. An SEO right here

And a good SEO starts to make a difference.

It happens. So this whole class,

The content is more useful for them

Those who practice a little

I have a lot of experience. And if the experience

Otherwise, practice. Repeated practice

Do this so that if you repeat this process 10 times

If you repeat the class then automatically you

Will Start Writing Better. Now you are like this

From this we can create another H3. Buses Third

Your H3 could be Invisible Buses.

Overall you get my point that I kiss

I am going in the direction that your

There is a service H2, inside it you can

We will list the services that will become your H3.

Will go. Similarly, you can avail different services.

When we mention pricing here

He will become their H3. like a price of

Root Canal Service Within Our Prices

Became an H3. Give it another H3 after it

Could be priced off

Buses. And then after this the third one becomes my H3

Could be the price of the invisible

Buses. And then after this all these also are same

Will come under H2. So this is how you

Structure the content of your page

Are. And when you here Price of Root

This particular H3, named Canal Service

If you make it then buy it here which is of your price.

There is a page, you will link to it. when you're here

But this content with root canal service.

will make this H3 so here

I will link it directly. also always

Notice that when you create a link, the heading

Do not link directly to. From H1, from H2,

For those who make H3 anchor text

There is a special place in hell for this. don't do

That Kind of Mistake. Heading is a different thing.

Don't make the heading clickable. Age Much Age

Possible keep him away. to guide headings

Anchors to give structure to content

There are no headings for the text. Correct

Is? So here we have created the pillar page like this

We have to make a structure from it. then after that

This pillar page has to be published. pillar

Chat Puppy will help you create your page.

There will be no need to take it. You yourself have your

Have to see the content. Identifying you

Is. Go check your site map. You... Yourself

If you have a large website, let's

right and you want to find out that

Dude from root canals on my website

Which pages can be related?

If you don't know, take help from Google.

How can I take it? Let's search here

Dancy Dental.com right? We cut here

Done use the site operator. End

Then in text and intext are also needed

No. straight-through root canal

Let's search it. So right here in this

In Dentji Dental from Particular Website

All the root canal pages that will be there

You will get everything. Now the pillar of the root canal

Get the page ready. straight from here

Here are the links, keep copying and pasting them.

Google itself is here to help you.

It has happened. You have to use it yourself. Always chat

GPT is not to be used. of that tool

The usage is different. The use of this tool is different. and this

The tool here, its job is to do everything else.

To guide. So our pillar page was created.

After the pillar pages, we come to the very next

Above the easy type of content which is F

Aqueous.

What is FAQ? FAQs

Teeth will ache after root canal

In. Right? Always remember one thing. FAQs

Doesn't mean it's a traditional page. They

As it happens, we have an FAQ on the home page.

Created a section of. Four questions below it

Is. He has four answers. No. FAQs

That is, frequently asked questions.

It is not necessary that all the information is on one page.

There should be a question. So let's start with the website

I have created my example.com

Make a fa cues structure. After this my

First Question example.com

fa cuz

My second question is one in one page.

The question wants an answer to that question

As small as possible. If the answer is in 100 words

Could be good. If the answer is in 200 words

It might be good. No one for the answer

Don't give the word. Just provide the video

And that's good. The watch page will be created. yourself

That page should appear in video results

will begin. So always make sure that

There is one question per page in your FS.

But let's structure it like this

That we created a category. of that category

Inside you can do all of the

List of questions. And here is one of the most

What would be a good thing is that then this thing of yours

example.com

It is FA, only what will happen to you?

The pillar page we just created above is a pillar.

Page containing all the FAQs

Have been. So this is how we mix and match

You can create your FAQ page by doing this.

Now what answer should be entered in that question?

Is? You are the subject matter expert. You

Remove it yourself. What could the questions be

Are? To identify questions

You sit with your client in person.

Can. You can ask them yourself

patients, customers, clients

of people who come and visit the store

What are their own questions? For them

You can format it by taking it. or you

You can take help of Google Search Console.

In the Google Search Console class, we

Learned how to filter queries. What,

How, When, Why, Where. This kind of

Use the words to filter and

You can find out yourself from Google Search Console.

How people find your website

Trying to find out. If

It is not clear from there either, your

No website and no presence in Google Search Console

What to do if such data is not available?

If I have to go, I will go back to Google.

Let's do a root canal search and I

Here you will find a topic called People Also Ask.

You will get the section. Let's go here

Normally people talk about any topic

May be in. You already got it

Will go. Copy the question. don't copy the answer

do it. Answer to yourself from your client,

Ask your subject matter expert and

After this, on your page in your language

Publish and your FA is ready. To all

Fun type of content and extremely

Extremely good at this kind of AI

Switch to AI mode to get to overviews

For and here are the People Also Ask Wale

Great way to get into the section

This is it. Next comes the content type.

Report. Now report is something which sare

Don't make businesses. We reported the

A topic was brought out: Dental Health Trends

In Delhi 2025 edition. Now this in itself

A bit of a laborious type of content type

Because for this you need chat GPT.

Don't need to take help. For this you

Actually, research will have to be done. My

My favorite way is to

I interact with clients.

Let us discuss it one day.

Took. A two-hour meeting took place where

We discuss why they

He spent the entire last year and the next year

Is this his prediction? what is that new thing

Seeing a trend? people's problems

How has the change happened? habits of people

How has the change happened? what kind of people

Purchasing new products. What

What kind of toothbrush are you buying? How?

with new dental problems

I am coming. Topic to Topic Industry to

Industry methods will change. If any one

If it is an educational institute then it is

A survey can be conducted among the students.

If your business involves a lot of

All the footfall happens. a lot of people

You visit the website and it will

If you are a customer, you can conduct a survey.

Are. You have created a Google Form

Presented it directly. One email to everyone

Let's shoot. Take their feedback first. When

You ask any question for free, everyone

Now I am very fond of giving advice. People

I will tell you myself and the whole

After collecting the information,

You can collect a report. and Joe

There are well research reports like this.

Not the report that you send to someone on Chat GPT

By picking up and posting content from two or four websites

They give it and then they make it

No report. But if you report any

Secondly, with user studies like this

with user feedback or your own

Based on experience and data, whenever you

They publish reports like this, right?

It is unique content in itself but this

Your backlinks become lead magnets

Made from similar materials. this kind of

People share reports. people here and there

Even smarter on LinkedIn

Want to be seen. People are reporting such

Let's share it. and you don't know which

Kind of News Platform Will Actually

Pull Your Report and Site in Their Own

Content. So create your own report.

It's a bit tough. But the report

It's a very good medium in itself.

To gain backlinks naturally. Such

The way to gain backlinks that you normally

Will not be able to create a comparator. But yes time

There is taking. It takes some hard work. But

The whole process becomes very entertaining.

If you share this with your clients

Let's discuss. The next one is the content type.

Mile I love it it's called check list. Check

Lists are basically detailed content.

Not typed. This is a very bullet point

type of content where you give people a

providing some memorable pattern wise

which they can follow. So let's

The topic on our checklist was

Dental

Care

Checklist and Infants I'm Pretty Sure

My voice sounds very bad today.

She must be giving it to everyone. Here is one like this

There is a checklist and I call this checklist a

I will give you H1. Infant Dental Care Check

List by the best dentist

In Delhi. This is our keyword. Little

It is also very important to keep this in mind

Is. After this, here you will see a list which

Hai let's say item one item two item three

Item Four: Whatever points you want

You should follow your parents.

Simply list it here. here

And you also have to do H2. Then H3 has to be done.

Then after this you have to do CTA. this type of

No need to do things. Make Sure

That it should be concise. What does a checklist mean?

Happened? That people should print it. People their

If you keep it nearby then you can keep it concise. At once

Make it to the point like bullet points.

The smallest it will be to print or

Then there are chances of taking screenshots of it.

There are more. This type of content will help you

You may or may not get a backlink. this kind of

The content may be too much for you.

Don't even get traffic. But this kind of

Content makes for great branding.

If someone is taking screenshots of your

website or he printed it out

Your name repeatedly appears before their eyes.

Will keep coming. Lots of word of mouth publicity

it occurs. People save and share

With other people. And That Creates

A very good kind of word to mouth Joe

The publicity that happens is very good.

Is. So always keep a checklist concise.

Yes, it has to be kept brief and to the point.

Make it H1, there is no need for H2 or H3 here.

But. Again, in this too, Chat GP's help is needed.

There is not much need. If your

Client is in good shape with you. He gives you

He himself will tell you that you need help for the children.

If you want to take care of your teeth, then

How to do it and it is very easy for them

There is work. He will tell you in a couple of minutes.

Will give. Keep a straight record

And format the content as you like.

Take it. The next type of content we're going to write

What is there is a news article. some people

You must be sitting behind and laughing that he has come, right?

On blog posting. Well Not Exactly

Between a blog post and a news article

There is a difference. You know the people who

I am already following this channel, it is good

I know for sure that if I said

is that one term is not to be used so I

I don't create clickbait, I blog first.

Should I refuse to post? don't talk later

No, you can also post a blog. No

Entirely Different Types of News Articles

The format is from blog posting. And I

I promise that before this class ends

Before the end of this class today, I

I will cover the blog post as well. But right now

Let us now come to the news article.

Above. What is news article?

Isn't it? This dental clinic of ours also

Running Keyword Best Dental Clinic In

Delhi. If I get news on this keyword

If I have to write an article, how will I write it?

Brother, my topic will be the latest.

Dental Technology Available in Delhi Dental

Clinics. What is the latest technology right now?

Has she come? Or the latest problems

What's coming or the latest trend?

What are you coming? Anything can happen. Who

News article is its time driven

is a must. Either it is time driven

Or it should be data driven. If the time

Driven Hai To Hum Ye Latest Like Words

You can use the . If data driven

So we can use trends here.

Let's say a dental

problems

Akaring

in Delhi

Between 1990 and 2025

It is data driven. between these two time periods

What new problems are I seeing?

Is? What new technology has been seen?

What types of new solutions have come up? which type

New different U know equipments have come.

You can write articles about all of these.

Are. It is not necessary that the news comes in the way it does.

It is important to write news in the same way.

You have thought of a topic. Your keyword cover

Done. Are you time or data driven?

Use any one method and you

You can write your news article here.

And here also you will get information about H1 H2

There is no need to think that much. Who

Traditional news articles are in it

So much for the headlines that are published daily

There is so much content in it

It is not used. So we have a

This will be our H1. After this, you will be more

You will use more H2 and this is your

This is a news article, let's wrap it up.

Will be done. You go into a lot of detail

No need to go. Yes, if you are a

any kind of data you're using

If you are using data from, then you should

Will need to back up. The source of that data

You will have to provide what it is. If

from a research paper to a research paper

Do the side. Enter its link. If you only

If any user study has been done then that user

Give you complete details of the study

Will have to. How did you fill out which form?

You collected the data using. If

If there was a Google Form, then the link to the Google Form

Two. Give me a screenshot. how people

I have provided the samples. of those samples

Details like how many were male, how many were female,

Which city were you from? All the data we collect

Please provide details about all the things you have done

So that people not only have confidence but

Google should also trust their systems.

I also believe that this news article

The content given inside it is actually

I am trustworthy. Ok? After this, which

The next type of content is interviews.

And I don't have to interview anyone.

To your doctor for podcasting

I will not suggest. Interview on your own

Have to do it. Have to interview yourself. You

The video here is a video like this or

You want to publish the article in any way you want.

Interview with

Let's say doctor, whoever your doctor is.

Enter the name of the account here. End

Let's Give It a Title The Future of

Dentistry

In Delhi.

Ok? Now this one month is about the future.

Talk it out. You are about a month past

Talk it out. About the one-month trend

Talk it out. But then again when I trend

If I am using the word then you will say I know

I did the same thing in the news article just now.

But the difference is in the news article you

Only the news that has happened, the latest things.

You can present what has come. Which

Will be a fact. Like I just said, you

Will use the data. You will provide its source.

But in an interview, you are not just about data.

Give. You can also give your opinion. So if

From one of the particular letters you have

There is no data on trends. But

If you have thoughts then you are interview type.

You can create content. Here you

You have the freedom to ask your own questions.

framed it on himself and then took it upon himself

Answer was also provided. Ok? So you this

By creating a content piece in this way, questions and

You can provide both the answers on your website either

Video or text in any format

You can publish it in. Usefully right now we

If you put it in text format

So it is better. After this, whatever

The next type of content comes to us

That is expert opinion. Expert Opinion

be different from the interview in just one way

It is believed that in the interview you will meet one person.

We answer questions from him regarding this. Now

If it's your client himself, then

It becomes a self-service thing. But

You can find different expert opinions.

Use professionals. May be two more

Three Different Doctors, Dentist or Joe

Other business professionals are in case of

Other service. You can call their name their their

Using credentials to share their opinions

Whatever about any particular field

In you can give them a particular type of

Presenting within the article or content

Are. So here we can enter our topic.

Are Delhi Dentists Share Their Best Oral

Care Tips. Right? Everyone has their own different

There are views. For example, if you

Talking about electric toothbrushes

If you do, there will be a dentist who will say

This is a very good thing. This makes you much less

Clean your teeth efficiently in no time

Can. Can clean teeth. Any

The other person will say that brother, this is very useless.

It's a thing. This wastes toothpaste.

Is. And you're a young man on your own.

Brush your teeth using circular motions

You can do it. So these are different views. All

You don't need to verify someone's views.

There is no need to dispute anyone

No need. You presented everyone's views.

Made the same particular type of article

inside and that expert opinion type

The content will be there. where this is this type of

The content should not be faked again. Chat

No need to take help of GPT. To you

Actually speaking to the doctor himself

Is. Please give me the names of a few of your friends.

Will go. And doctors are also very good at this.

I am giving examples of doctors.

Because we have used this keyword.

But in the case of any business, this is

It gets set. The client is working

Is. You can just catch someone and bring them

Are. Then, the next type of content

What we are going to write is vocabulary. And

This vocabulary type content is very unique.

It happens like this. Inside this let's say we are digital

Let us take the example of marketing. here

I will not take the example of a dental clinic.

Because my information about dentist

It is very little. But let's tell me digital

Regarding the field of marketing

I have to write vocabulary so my H1 is very

It will become easy.

My H1 will be digital from Let's

Marketing

Terms made easy. Right? I am

Explaining. After this I will have H2

Because they have done digital marketing

If we talk about terms then my H2 should be

Will go into organic digital marketing

The terms will become H2

Organic Digital Marketing Terms

The second H2 will become the third H2. Social media

Marketing Terms. Ok? Now inside it

This became H2. Inside this I see different

There are also terms that are late to inorganic.

So what does PPC mean in this?

What does SME mean? SMO's

What does it mean? all of these

I will explain the terms one by one.

I can. This will be my H3, let's end it.

Give the full meaning of this PPC in one line

I will explain it inside. So this kind of

You can create content. any

Can be made in the industry. These

It is extremely useful. whenever someone

Think of the meaning of a particular word

Trying to find the key. over there

This type of content of yours can be easily found on Google.

The site can. and the second last type

of content we want to publish

Usually, that happens with every business.

Comparison. Now Comparison Can Be a Guide

Comparison can be an article. both of them

Things can happen here. Now from Let's

that we are talking about dental clinic

Have been. Here I am comparing one

Dentist vs. other dentist

I do. Let's Say We'll Talk About Buses

Versus aligners.

Ok? V option is best for you in

Delhi or do you not write Delhi for

You. Ok? This is my H1. Now like this

whenever there is content, whenever we

When we are making comparisons, we use tables

You can use the . Prose and Quotes Wale

You can use the format. Let's say a

Prose of Bases. And this will be my first

H2. Ok? Prose of H Ah Bases. donation

Second my H2 will be X of Buses. Its

After that, my third H2 might be Prose of a

Liners.

Fourth my H2 will be x of a liners.

And then after this the final H2 will be

Verdict.

Ok? You made different H2. Now

Inside this, when you see the bus process i.e.

The benefits or the negatives

When you are going to explain the aspect

If so, break all those pointers.

Can be broken down into little elements

Then here you will have H3. So this

The H2 will have a first pro tour soon.

Buses and then after this H3 will come late.

Second Prose of Buses. Ok? This is how we

You will keep making details of this content of yours

of. We will have a guide ready. Then you can use this

Pick up the content and give it to Chat GPT and

Chat GPT gives you an overall structure

He will give it to me. Use Your Clients' Help to

Refine this content and come up with a very

Good type of content. This kind of comparison

I think it took three to four hours to write the guide.

It will take time. But during this three to four hours

You will have a great time within the time

This will be a comparison guide. the kind of

The rest of the content has not been published yet.

It is kept. The last type of content we're going to share today

Will create. In today's video, we

Will cover. That is testimonial.

Testimonials in themselves are usually considered

that we record inside the video

do. But text testimonials are also enough.

It is good. But the testimonial

Doesn't mean hello everyone I bot

service of this and this clinic and my

The experience was great. That Kind of Joe

Testimonial is something that in itself

It is not good. If you want this

Record the testimonial on video.

Can. But when you format the text

If you go to write it in a page,

It would be great if you create content of this.

And testimonials in this one page content

The more you do it the better

The better we implement it, the better

Will remain. For example, let's say

I give you the title. H1 will be ours

Patient Review Let's Say Are Top Patient Of

2025. If you have this facility, if very

All your patients agree.

To be recorded for interviewing

So you can do patients. otherwise

The patient can do it. Depends on the number.

But if you stick with the same person

Even if you have, you can complete this process.

Can. You Can Take Little Some Pictures

of that person in this we do before and after

Can. And then after that little bit of

Dialogue Baazi. And after this you directly

You can ask. You can ask questions

Ask the patient what problem they are facing

Were? Did they get the session? Right Now

How is he doing? And then this whole thing

In the process, whatever happens in between

If you sprinkle the pictures,

Your entire content piece should be ready

Will go. It Looks a Little Bit Like Success

Story but then here the patient his

He is telling from perspective. So That Makes

It's different. Also, if you video

Recording that video right there too

But if you embed it then the testimonial

This page is complete in itself.

It happens. It becomes trustworthy. End

Testimonials are really really good. Any 

Also, there is no information available on any specialty medical website.

Testimonials in YMVL category

Work very very good. But the rest of the industries

You can also work in it. B to B

Even in the industry, if there is a large

Is going to invest in some firm

together and there's another company

Owner, manager, or any other official

If you get a testimal then that's it

Helps that particular brand a lot. So

These were our 15 types of content that

You can write. Blog posts regularly

Why write in a boring way? Each of these

A content type you might be interested in right now

I'm thinking, man, this is more than a blog post.

So it is not different. So because right now you

Was just attending the class. Video

were looking at. Once one of the videos

also pick a particular content type and

Develop a topic on it and start writing.

Do. You will enjoy yourself. Once upon a time a

Try planning a video. Once upon a time a

Try planning for testimonials.

to any of your staff members, colleagues,

Get your friend or friend ready for anyone. One

By conducting mock interviews for video interviews

See. You will enjoy the process itself.

And when you create this kind of content

So it will also appear on Google search and

Once a user clicks on Google Search

who comes to your website and

When that user enjoys that content then

They repeatedly visit the remaining 10 pages of your website.

He also goes and visits. Long time on the page

Stays till. Long delays on the entire website

Stays till. Your business on your website

Explores the . And That Benefits

As an SEO, our purpose is not just this

It should be that we have done more than Google.

Have to bring more traffic. From Google

Your next click may be just 1

Million. But if those 1 million people

are happy with your content and your

Let's look at 10 different pages on the website

So you can convert 1 million traffic into 10 million.

You can change the page views. and that

Is where you start winning. Such an approach

Create a website in which you can increase your website traffic.

Multiply the . always all the time

If you rely only on Google

How will the business grow? So now you have today's

Whatever content after attending the class

He's got to learn about you

Implement and in the next class we

I am going to tell you that the content which is available now

Whether you have written the chat in GPT or

Whether written by yourself or with help from Chat GPT

After doing research from there, then after that

Write all of that on your website

How to actually publish a post

How to do it because that is also a thing in itself

Something very different happens. So see you

We are in the next class where we will cover the content.

I have learned to write. Now we will learn the content

To publish. until then keep it up

Keep Learning, Keep Practicing, Keep Attending

All of the classes. My name is Amit Tiwari

for Amit Tiwari.net and I will see you

Next time.


