Hello everyone, I am Amit Tiwari

from tiwari.net and this is the

21st class of our Advanced SEO course in which we will

talk about internal links.

What are internal links?  Why are there

internal links?  Why should you create it

, how should you create it, where should you

create it and what are some other special things

that you should keep in mind while



making your strategy regarding internal linking.

We will discuss all these things in today's only class.

But as always, first of all warning,

if you have missed any class till now,

please go and watch it and then

continue it.  Otherwise, As I Always will

not benefit from this class.  And this is

true.  People who have completed all the classes

and

attended all the doubt sessions will already

tell you how much benefit they are getting in their work flow

, their website traffic, and their

understanding of SEO.

Apart from this, we have started another course,

Simple AI Course, which is available on this YouTube

only.  It is available for free and there we are

talking about AI technologies.

I will not talk much about that course.

You will see the link in the top right

corner.  She has

gone to first class.  Go and see.

Understand from there.  Here we will only talk about SEO.

So let's go

to the computer screen and start understanding internal links.



[Music]

So the topic in class is called Internal Links.

This is the link but because it is internal.  There is a

saying that a home grown hen is worth nothing.

So something similar happens with internal links also.

Because these links are given here and there on their website itself.

That is why their

value is not considered very high.

And it is important to break this myth today.

But before that, let us understand the links.

What is a link after all?  So suppose

this is a drawing of two different pages.  Page

one, page two.  There are two separate pages.  Now

whatever text is written inside page one, let's say the

text is written here.  And so here is

page two.  Ok?  This is a page two

mention here.  Now because I have mentioned page two.

That's why I will have to provide a

hyperlink here as well.  Correct?  Because

if I am telling people about page two then

people will not go and search on Google.

Right?  Here I can either write

go to Google and search for page two and

click the

first.  You understand how radical it will become.

What could be easier than



creating a link directly from page two here?  How do I create a link?

I clicked here.  And then

after this I will create a hyper link here.

So page two will be our anchor text.

When I put a link to page two on this,

it will become a link.  A hyper

link will be created.  Now when I add a link,

if I want to show that link visually,

how will I show it?  This page is linked to this

page here.  Correct?  This will be

said that this page has been linked to this page.

What the arrow shows is that

this particular page is linked to this particular page.

This is the flow.  Ok now

how is this link?  Is this an internal link

or an external link?  How will we know?   This will be evident

if this particular link is



given from a page on one website to a page on another website.  Then this becomes an internal

link.  And if it is given to the page of another website then it is an

external link.  For

example, if the domain here is the

entire URL of this page one, it is abc.com

page one.  Ok?  And the URL of this particular page

becomes abc.com

page two.  So how did this link happen?  Internal

link.  Because one page of abc.com is

linked to another page of abc.com.

This is done internal link here.  Right?   Let's

write this here as internal link.

Correct?  Those who have already learnt SEO and have been

practicing it for a long time, might be thinking that I am

telling you such a boring thing.

But wait for a while, things will get

advanced.  Ok?

That moment is also going to come in just a short while.  Now if

this is the second page instead of abc.com, this is

my xyz.com.

Ok?  So what will this link be like?  This will be the

external link.  Backlinks are never speaking.

Why are you not speaking?

Why are we not calling it backlink?  Then

what is the difference between external link and backlink

?  Well, this is the external link for this particular page.  Let's



come here once again.  Let's change the orientation a little bit.

This is an external link to page one for this page.

Why?  Because this

external page is being given to the external domain.

Correct?  But, if I click on this link a

little below here, its

small name will appear.  Another name will appear for

this link.  If I

look at this link from the perspective of this particular domain.

From the perspective of which domain?

If I look from the perspective of page two, this is

my backlink.  The external link is

for page one.  There is a backlink for page two.

Page two is being



brought from another domain to this domain.  So

this same link became the backlink for this page two.  And

this is the external link for page one.  So what is the difference between internal

links, external links and backlinks

?  belongs to the domain.

And where are you watching from?  So if the

domain of our first page is abc.com and the

domain of the second page is also abc.com

then this link becomes an internal link.

Ok?  This is an internal link to page one.

Still have a backlink to page two.

Ok.  There is still this backlink to page two.

This is not something else.  It's still a

backlink.  Correct.  And if here it was

xyz.com instead of abc.com then it would have become an

external link instead of an internal link.

For whom?  For page one.

This is still a backlink to page two.  Every

kind of link to page two that's

sending Google, bots, to his page is linking.

That is backlink.  A backlink is a backlink.

Okay now it might be coming to your mind

that then we will get

backlink value only from internal links.  Will come to that point

also.  But for now, we have to

remove the difference between these three words.



What happened to internal links, external links and backlinks?  Understand?  Internal links

and external links are

different things from the perspective of the page that links them.  The

link that is being received for a particular page

may come from an internal domain or an external

domain or from a YouTube video

or from a Google site or from a free

blog.  What happened to all this

?  There are backlinks only.  OK now why is this

happening?  We did a video some time ago

in which I explained

what is the use of backlinks?  Ok.  Now

when Google was in its initial stages, Google

search engine became popular because Google

created a page ranking algorithm.  The PageRank

algorithm states that whenever

a page links to another page, the

page being linked increases in importance.

Because you link to a page only

when it is important.  If someone

asks you which is the best mall nearby

?  So if nine out of ten of your

friends are praising a particular mall,

it means it must be good.  Right?  That

word-of-mouth publicity was

taken by Google and converted into an algorithm.

Now there are

many different differences in this algorithm and

we have already talked about that in this video.

You will see the link to this video

in the top right corner.  But let

us simplify it for now.

And the simplified explanation is that the

more links a particular page

gets from different pages, the more its popularity increases.

But this also means that the



page rank of this particular page one from let's say, a supposed page rank which used to be

100.  Correct?  This 100

page rank of this page, when it is

linking to some other page and if the value of this page is

increasing automatically, then

it means that some value must be decreasing here also.

Right?  The 100 page

rank given here is of this page and it links to this page.  The

page in blue links to another page.

Earlier let's assume that this

page used to have its own rank of 20 only.

Ok?  A high value page with a page rank of 100

links to it.  So its page

rank will increase in the eyes of Google.   Let's

increase it from 20 to 30.  That is how it should go.

Right?  Now obviously there are a lot of

different ranking factors that come into play.

So let

us ignore it for a while.  Otherwise you will

not be able to understand the link.  Now during this class

all your ranking factors become null and

void.  Nothing is working.  There

is silence in the nails.  All it takes is just

page rank.  So when a

particular page links to another page and

gives a backlink,

from the perspective of page two, something must have changed.

If its value used to be 20 earlier,

now that 20 value has increased to 30.

Ok?  Earlier it used to be 20.  Now it has increased to

30.  Let's bold this so that the

difference can be understood.  Ok?  Now its

value has become 30.  So the more pages keep

linking to it, the more its value will

increase.  Correct?  Done?  Now, this is where the





difference between the backlink created from internal links and the backlink created from external links starts to emerge.

Always keep in mind that Google never confirms the

complete calculation of page rank that we are telling you.



But let's say we're

only creating internal links here because there's a

class for internal links.  So

I change XYZ back to ABCD.com.

So if this entire domain has its own rank.

Lately it ranks 75th here.

So the rank of this entire domain, whatever it is

for page one, it will be the same for page two.

So if we keep taking money from one pocket and

putting it in the other, will

we become rich?  You had

kept some money in your left and right pockets.

You put it in the right pocket, did it make any difference

?  It won't matter, right?  Right?  If you are

holding a weight in one hand.  If you remove it and put it

in your other hand, you will

not feel lighter.  So similarly, if your

domain has a particular rank and you

shift it from one page to another, then will your

entire domain

increase in value or not?  If the value does not

increase then what is the benefit?  Correct?  That's why

we always focus on

getting backlinks from other domains.  Right?  But that does

n’t mean internal links don’t have value.

Why?  Because from the point of view of page two

again I am saying that whether it is an internal

link or an external link.  This page is definitely

getting something.  So when we

take or give links even on internal pages,

we pass some value.  Always we are

passing some value.  Now

how Google passes or perceives this value,

we will understand this in this class in a while.

But just imagine this, whether you



link from one page to another page on the same domain or bring a link from another domain.  Be it an

internal link or an external link.

That's the backlink for this page two.  She is going to

give him some benefit or the other.

That benefit will be available in the form of page rank.

That benefit comes from many different things.

Now what are these things?

We understand these now.  I'll stop it here right now.

Ok?  Now let us come and see

what benefits we are going to get from internal links.   The

number one benefit that you get is the

structure of the website.

Correct?  If all these pages are different.   There

may be many pages on this website.

Ok?  There may be 100 pages on this website.

They are not linking each other.

So what is the structure of the website?   Nothing.

Once again, we redraw the

diagram.  I'll keep drawing diagrams until

you guys get tired.

I have a this from Let's Page Page One.

Ok?  This is available on our website abc.com.

Ok?  We have this page on abc.com.

After this we create another page

which is page two.  Let's create the third page

which is page three.  Then these

pages are duplicated once.

Ok?  This is page four.  This is page

five.  This is Page

Six.  There are six pages.

No one is giving any link to each other.

Totally unknown.  So

what is the structure of this website?  Of ABC.com?  There are many

different pages lying around.  It doesn't matter.

Even if Google bot comes,

it will come to page one and will not go to the second page.  It will

come to the second page,

not the third page.  Because no link is being

passed.  Right?  So let's

click save again.  The structure of this type of website

is nil.  There is nothing on this website.

So what do internal links do?

Provides a structure to this website.

Let's see that this particular

page one we have links to page two.

So we start building links.

Links are going from page one to page two.

Link is going from page two to page three.

Link is going from page three to page four.  Then

after this page four links to page five and

page five links to page six.  This

became a structure.  It is a very straight

structure.  Right?  If

we create some more structure here again.

Let's say that this page six of mine

also links to page two.  Page two

links to page four.  Page one links to page five.

And page three is also

linking to page six.  Now

what has this structure become?  It is a messy structure.

Right?

You can make the structure any way you want.  Ok?  There

is no problem.  But what will happen?  That this

structure has gone wrong in itself.

Why?  Every page is linking to each other.

What will Google Bird

understand?  Nothing.  If I

ask here which page has the highest keysens?

You can't tell.  If I may ask which page

is the least important?  You can't tell because

this link doesn't reveal anything.  So

what is the second benefit of this internal link?

Number one, the structure of the website

is understood.  Number two pages key can be found out.

Ok?  The

more internal links a particular page gets from different pages

of that website, it means that it is the most

important.  Correct?  Pages that do

not get links mean they are less

important.  If I just go

to amazon.com for a little while.  Now here

we see the

pages which are being linked first on this amazon.com website.

Here the link to the Prime Video page is

given first.  Because this will be

important for them.  Otherwise why link to this page

?  Right?  Here, women

fashion or men fashion or home or beauty these

categories are top selling for them.  That is why it is given

above.  Right?  This

is a best seller here.  That is why a link to this product is being given.

But if we look at the

bottom, there is also a Conditions of

Use link given here.  Now why is this link

not given at the top?  Because

it is not important.  This is legality.  It

is legally necessary to give this to them.  He

provided it.  But this is

written at the bottom in the smallest font.  Why is it written

?  Because it's not right.  Even if

I go to this Conditions of Use page, there is nothing to purchase here.



Why would Amazon put this one at the top?  Right?

So we link the most to those pages

which are either most beneficial for us

or are a legal compulsion.  Every

website has

privacy policy, shipping policy

etc. at the bottom because it is legally

necessary.  You are not forced to give it because it is

most beneficial for you.

So internal links give structure to our website.

Internal links help us find out

who our website is.

Many other useful signals are

passed through internal links.  Now, when I say useful

signals, I mean there are a lot of

little things that are

impacted by the internal link structure.  One of the

best examples of this is canonical tags.

Many times you use canonical tags in the website.

But Google considers any other

URL as the canonical tag.

This happens when your internal linking

structure is wrong.  There is

no plan in that.  There is no clarity in that.

Or else the structure itself is wrongly used in it.



How can the for example structure be messed up?  We come here late.  Let's go

back to our first graphic

and create the link that I described here.

Now this abc.com

abc.com that they are doing.  There are

no website links like this.  Why?  Because it happens

here https.  Since let's our

website is following https structure.

Correct?  And then after this we come here.

And here also the structure of the website is

HTTPS.

Ok?  We are following this structure.

But when the link is being passed from page one to page two, the

link

used here becomes https

www.

Ok?  Now both pages are running on the without www version.

But you are giving the link from here

through the www version.  There could be a mistake, the

typist made a mistake.  Right?

Or the CMS is such that it repeatedly links to the www version.

So what will happen now is

that the value of this link will automatically

decrease.  Because https

abc.com will go from page one to www.  On page two.

Then after this there will be a redirect here.

But Google is

not getting the link of this page directly from this page.

What happened to the link?  This link has been

redirected.  It will come from here to here and

after this it will go from here to the other page.

Right?  He will go from here to here.  So the link is

messed up, right?  Internal link was

not created.  The redirect has happened.  So,

due to such mistakes, all these

problems occur.  So

we should create internal links carefully.

How should you carefully create it?

Whenever you start creating internal links, pay attention

to how the website is structured.  Is the www

version being used or not?  Now

I will not talk between http and https

because it should be https.  Is there a butt or

not?  Is there a

forward slash at the end of any of your website URLs or

not?  If the website pages

end with a forward slash, the

internal links should also end with a forward slash.  Let's

come back here and take a look again.



Right here, if I create this link to page two like this.  There

is no www.   Let us go.

Ok?  But there is page two and a forward

slash.  Now the website is using the

structure without forward slash.

You made an internal link with a forward slash.

So if your HT access and

everything else is correct then this link will redirect

but it will go through a redirect.

Internal link is broken again.  So

check carefully that the website is using www.  Is it

using forward slash or not?

And create internal links keeping them in mind.

So

you understood the format of internal linking.

Now let us come to our page and



understand some more important things related to internal linking.  This is our demo website

coco cat.in ok?  Now if you

come here and see, it looks like any normal You Know

Business website.  There's

a logo here.  Here are links to some headers.

After this some links are given in the side bar.

And then this

is the content of the website.  And then after this the

footer area below.  Links are also given in the footer here.

Correct?  This is how

every website page is.  Now whether you

talk about internal linking or external link

which is a backlink to another website.  The

rules are the same for all of them.  A

link is a link.  Only the domain is making a difference.

Correct?  So here on this page,

in the very first incarnation of Google,

when Google was in its very early stages,

Google used the random surfer model.

Random surfer model.  I will write it here

so that people do not get confused.  And if

you watch our backlink video,

you will also understand the meaning of the random surfer model.  In that

I have

explained this thing in a better way.

We can see the link to this video in the top right corner.

Urging everyone to watch this

video.  So the random surfer model, this surfer

model, expected that

any surfer visiting a website might

randomly click on any link.

He may click on the privacy policy

link.  Maybe he will

click on this link.  Maybe he will

click on this link.  Ok?  That is why every link was

given equal weightage.  But gradually

Google realized that

people do not click on websites randomly like this.

If any person was

searching about Coco The Cat dot online

how to choose best dental clinic

in Delhi.  I don't know why

we have linked articles to dental clinics within the Coco the Cat website.

But ok, let's go.

Someone was searching for the best dental clinic in

Delhi.  He sees this page.

Now here we come to



tips on finding the best dental clinic in Delhi.  He has not come here to click on the links of this blog

and meta ads or social media ads etc.



He hasn't come to read the privacy policy.

How many times has it happened that you

go to a website and start reading its privacy policy?  Have you

ever

read the terms and conditions page of any website?  Haven't

read it.  So, Google also realized

that people do not click randomly like this.

That's why he created the second surfer model,

which is the Reasonable Surfer Model.  That is, a

little logic was applied that people can

still use the header links for navigation.



People mostly do not click on the links in the footer.

People click less on the links in the sidebar.

If a user has come to this page

and wants to visit any page related to this page, then

he

will click on these links which

are inside this main content.  So Reasonable Surfer models

commence links in headers.  It

gives commendations to these side bar links.  It

also gives commence to the links in the footer.

More importance is given to this

main content.  So from now on you will have to

remember two more words.  First of all, the

main content is done.   The

second one is secondary content.

Main content which is the page's own content

which contains information related to the page.  If the

page is How to Choose Best Dental Clinic in

Delhi then in this entire content it is

explained How to Choose Best

Dental Clinic in Delhi.  It is not explained in the side bar.  It is



not explained in the header.  There is

no explanation at all in the footer.  So the

links on this page that Google will

value the most will be those

within the main content.

Correct?

This is true for internal links as well as

external links.

What is the meaning of this?  In the backlink class,

normally I say that whenever you

go to any other guest post or somewhere else to get a

U-Know link made, whether

someone gives you the link in the side bar

or gives you the link in the photo, it does

not matter.  The link should be within this main content.

That's why

all the links in the comments have become pointless.  Now that

Google knows there's a comment section.  It can

understand that there is a link to the comment section.  I don't have to

give them any credit.

They are not part of the main content of the

page.  Main content is the content that

fulfills the purpose of that page.  The header does not serve the purpose of the page.  The



header is common throughout the website.  Side Bar This

side bar is running on every web page.   The

common is running.  Why will

Google show this?  Why will he give?  Will not give.  Ok?

So this became the main content.  Now

some things are important in this main content also.

Look, there are some links up here.  There are some

links further down.  There is also a button.  There's

a button here as well and this is a button above as well.  Now if

you are a normal and reasonable visitor to the

website then what are your chances of reading the entire page

?  Very little.  If you

start analyzing your website also.

Only 25-30% of the people who visit your website

reach the bottom of the website page.

Otherwise we put our information at the top

and then

leave it.  We are very good at

skimming.  Even when I used to study

in school or college, I used to

note down the useful things and keep them with me

in rough notes.

Who is remembering the entire chapter?  No one would be doing it.

Correct?  That is why even when people

visit a website, they focus on the top part.  As they

come down, their interest

wanes and if the page is very long, no

one comes till the bottom.  Google

also noticed this and thought,

okay now I will give preference to the links

that appear at the top of the page.  The

value of bottom links decreases.  The



links in the above the folder section at the top are the most important.

All the links coming below

that are less important.  Gradually, the

further down a link is, the less

important it will be.  Being less important

also means that till now Google was passing this page rank

here, we had

made a small diagram of ours that

here the value was 100, earlier it used to be 20 to 20, after getting

one link the value became 30,

so if this link is being received from the top part then it is

possible that the value may increase from 20 to 30, but

if this link is being received from the bottom part,

let's visualize it so that you do not get confused, let's

remove this also, this is my link,

this page is getting it, right this link will be received

from the top part.  So, this value

went from 20 to 30.  If this link is

available from the bottom part, then the

value may be only 22 instead of 20.  Why?  Because

Google knows that if the link is being given from the bottom

, then the chances of it being valuable and getting

clicked are less.

So,

why would I pass the same value for a link that has a low chance of getting clicked

?  Do you understand the logic?  The

lower the link appears in the main content of the page, the

more or less its value may be.

Link is below in main content

but below will pass the value less.   It is

in the footer and will not pass at all.  Will

not pass at all in the side bar.

Absolutely no value is being passed in the comment section.

Ok?  And this is not a

hypothesis.  It always happens.  Ok?  So now let's

close it again.  Come here.

Here it means that whenever you are going to

create a link or

get a link in a backlink campaign or a guest post, then

always take the link at the top

or

if you get a link in the writer column only, its value is less.

I'm saying again and again it's less.  If

someone tells you that I am paying you money for

a link or for a guest post.

You did not put your link on top.  If he is just

giving the link at the bottom then tell him to negotiate.

Tell me the value of this link is low.

So

why should I pay the premium amount?  OK, it's low.

Understand the difference between less and zero.  Ok

?  Now there is another thing that should always be kept in mind.

That is, the UI of the website is also sometimes so

skewed that we are unable to understand

where we are hurting our website.



In many websites, there will be a button given at the top part, the header

part.

Click here to book the

appointment.  Click here to contact us.

Click here to get no obligation code.  There is some

button or the other.  You

click on it.  It is said that

like our page, the

Contact Us page will go like this in many websites.

What are you doing now?  You are

providing a top link from the main content of every page to the

Contact Us page.

Understand carefully.  What is on the Contact Us page?

How much detail is there in the Contact Us page?   There is

a form.  Hello Get in Touch with Us.

Here are our contact details.  And here is

our contact form.  Something similar happens with the

Contact Us page.  There is zero nil

value content inside it.  Right?  There is nothing interesting

in your Contact Us page for any search user.  There is nothing

useful.  This is the

phone number which

you have already given somewhere in the footer header.  But

you are giving links to the Contact Us page from many product

pages, service pages, money pages and

top part of the home page of your website.  You are going away with the lamps.   The



template has been created.  So how much of your

page rank is being collected

in the Contact Us page.  Lots of them.  And

what is the content in the Contact Us page?

Nothing, you are telling Google to

look at the page rank, keep collecting this page on this page

and you are not putting content on that page

and then the question comes in front of me, in the

videos in YouTube, in the classes, I get

comments that sir my service page is

not getting ranked.  Why not why would it rank

?  If you are uploading links from the top of your service pages



to the Contact Us page and you have not created any content on the Contact Us page,

then why will the service

page rank?  The value is not coming on the service page.



Many people are struggling with this problem.

Where their service page,

their money page, their product page is

located on the second page.  If they

go to those websites and search their domain here like this site

cococat

dot online.  Do

n't search for Coco the Cat online.  Ok?   Do

this.  So you will see that it is possible that



their Contact Us page

or About Us page would be visible somewhere in the top 10 results here

because you have collected all the page ranks of the

Contact Us page, so only that page is

ranking, nothing else will rank, okay what does

this mean that we

need to focus on internal links, how do we

focus, let's find out many

different things, found out what not to

do, now let's see what to do, how to do it,

so now let us again

make a diagram and see in it how we can make

links, how should we make them,

okay, insert

drawing, now whatever part is coming next,

when I explain it, it will be

more understandable to those people who have

completed the content class.  The content planning

class has been completed and the keyword

research class has been done thoroughly.

So if you still haven't taken the keyword research

and content planning classes,

go ahead and watch them so that you

understand everything.  We have the keyword Let's Say

a

Best Dental Clinic in Delhi.  Ok?

This was one of my keywords.  Based on this keyword,

we generated 15 different types of content.

Correct?  Did we

generate the content?  Let me start explaining here one by one from the let.



I don't remember the names of all the topics.  But

I'll keep noting the different content types here.

So, we created a guide

success story.  We created content for 15 types of pages

here.  I am forgetting right now.   Let's

put it here with others.

Ok?  Others page was created.  So here

we have just visualized seven pages.

We created these seven pages.  Ok?

What keywords are the seven pages for?

for the same keyword.  My best dental clinic in Delhi.

Now how will this entire

structure be used?  Let's bring it down here.

I will have another page which will be my money page.

Ok?  This is my best slash

best

dental

clinic in Delhi.  Ok?  You have

created this page here.  Now we will call this particular page

money page.  Why Money Page?  Why would

you say that?  Because this is the page I

want to rank.  This Is My Money

Page.  Now Why Are We Calling It Money Page?

Because you create this page for yourself.  You do not need to keep in mind

any search engine optimization element on this page, whether



this

content needs to be in the heading or this

content needs to be in the footer or so many percent

keywords have to be included.  You don't have to

think here.  Obviously you will create it with

considering SEO.  Ok?  You

will keep the meta title optimized.  You

will keep the meta description optimized.  You will



definitely cover the topic Best Dental Clinic in Delhi about that service inside the page.

But there is no need to cover it in so much detail.  A

1000 page block post will

not be created here.  This Will Be Your Service

Page.  Professional Services page which has a

nice form and it was told about the form

that there should be a direct benefit also.

When Everything Is Settled on That

Particular Page.  It Is Your Money Page.  Now, the



job of all these content pages of yours is to rank this particular page.

How will you rank?

All these pages will link to this page.

How will these pages do?

This page will be linked to the success story page.

This page will be linked to the vocabulary page.

This page will also be linked to the testimonial page.



This page will also be linked to from the comparison guide page.  A

link to the guide page will also be provided.  A

link will also be given from the interview page

and

links will also be given from all the other pages.  Like

we had created a pillar page.  Now suppose I have

created a pillar page.  A

pillar page is made by me.  Now this pillar page

will also link to this page.  Now the structure may be a

little bit confusing here.

Why?  Because pillar pages by

definition can link to all these pages as well.

Right?  So, this pillar page of mine, this

pillar page will have its own list of content.

And because of this content list, this pillar

page is going to link to all the pages.  This

page has been linked.  So this pillar page

will link to all these pages as well.  There

is no limit on how many pages you

can or cannot link to on the Internet.

So it's linking all these pages.  But

at the same time, it is also going to link its service page to the

money page.  Ok?

Now that you have visualized it once.

Saw it here.  Let us see

how to actually do it on the website.

Suppose I come here and create a new page,

Pillar Page.  Ok?  I'm just calling this a pillar

page.  Here

we can set the parent etc. and decide

which service it is exactly for.

First General Any Anything

We made any particular page the parent page.

Now after coming here, when you

start writing your content.  The

first link that comes here from Lets will be

for this particular page of mine.  Ok

?  Is it a home page or a service page?   I came here

and started writing.

Visit this page to book an appointment.

Here I create the link.   I will

add the link of best dental

clinic

in Delhi.  Ok?  This link became mine

here.  Now after this, all the other

content types are here below.  So no more about

finding best int'l clinic in

Delhi

through

our in depth

articles content whatever it is and then

here you will start making the list.

What happened first?  She became my guide.

Second, my tutorial is done.  Third, my

comparison guide is done.  After this, there will be a

success story here.  Then there will be a

white paper here.

An interview will take place here.



You will

start linking all the different types of content you have created to individual pages.

So this way I will have a pillar page

which will have links to all the internal pages on the pillar page.

But the top link will

go to my money page.  Ok?  If

I write a guide here also.

This is my guide page from Lets.  But there is

no page.  Ok?  So whatever information of the guide is

there, in the way we have created a guide here.

All the information of this page will be available

here.  Will work.  No

problem.  I can copy and paste the

entire content of this here.

Ok?  But the top part, which is the

text at the top, along with that I will have to

give the link to my money page which is

my money page here.  Whatever

type of content you have, be it a success

story, testimonial or

vocabulary, wherever it is, it will give a link, the

top link will give a link to the money page.

Okay, let's visualize it a little differently.



I will come here.  This is my content page.

This page is guide

dentist

sash guide from Lets.  Okay and then this is my second page

which is the dentist money page.  Okay and then there

is another page on this and this is a particular page.

Let's have a

testimonial page with dentists.  So dentist

testimonials.  Now here you can see

that this particular page of dentist, the

top link that you will get from this page will be to

my page.  Ok?  So, let's say that we have this

particular text piece

here.  Wrote a text piece here.

Ah visit this page.  Now this link has

come to the top part.  Ok?  This

top link will always be given to which page

?  This is our money page, from here we have given the

link to this page.  Correct?  Link is being given from the top part.

If this

content, if the visit this

page link here was below instead of here, then the

link that the money page is getting, the

internal link that it is getting, will become pointless.

Correct?  It will become absolutely pointless.

Because he is from the very bottom.  The chances of the link

being clicked are low.  The page rank will definitely

not pass.  This page

cannot rank on its own.  So we'll keep it

up.  Let's say that for any reason

you have to link to this testimonial page also.

Ok?  Your internet linking

plan is such that this also has to be done.  So

we use the second method here.  Then Let's Say We Will Say That Here Are Some



of Our Testimonials.

Ok?  So

if we are mentioning that testimonial page, then



from where will we create the link for the testimonial page?  Then we will

create from the bottom page.  We will deliberately

place the text in such a way that it comes at the bottom.

Bottom does not mean that it is absolutely

necessary to be in the footer.  You can do it from the middle part

, you can do it from the lower part.  Always

imagine that whenever you

pass a link from the top part of any page to its main content, the

page will rank.  Higher

page rank will increase.  When you do it from the bottom part, the

page rank will decrease.  Ok?

That is why when we talk about pillar pages,

then whatever content we have to create in the pillar pages,



we always keep all the links in that content on the

top part so that

Google gets to

know about all your pages and after crawling them,

indexes them and also starts ranking them

because the page rank is being passed from the top part and

not from the bottom part.  Okay now let's understand this thing in another

way.

And then after this we will over this class.

And whatever questions you people have,

we will take them in the doubt session.  Let's

insert it here and let's

go to drawing.  Let's go to the new drawing.

Now let us look at the structure here.

Let's say you created a page.  Ok?

Now this is a pillar page.  From Letts to Dentist.

And this dentist of ours,

apart from being a dentist,

also provides derma services.  Ok?  Dermat

service is also provided.  Now here

they have created different types of content pieces.

Let's get to sleep guide.   It became a

success story.  And then there's a

page of testimonials.  Ok?  Similarly,

here the pillar page of Derma, its

color is made a little different so that

you can understand it immediately.   All these

pages are also

made in the same structure.  But these are

made for derma.  Ok?  Their

colours also became different from each other.  Ok?  Now the

link to any page is being given from the top part.

How will we make them?

Mark it with red color.  So let

me create links from pillar pages.  So

now I start giving links from the top part of the pillar page.

I will link to the guide,

starting from the top part.  Ok?

Link will not be given from the bottom part.  Sorry, let's make it green.  All the

high links are made

green so that a slight difference between green and

red can be felt in between.  So this

link will be green.  Ok?  That means a

link is being given from the high part to the top part,

from the pillar page to the guide page.  Ok?

Because pillar pages have

higher chances of ranking on their own.  There are a lot of

links in it.  There is a lot of content in it.   There



are more chances of that page ranking.  So from there, the guide pages should always be

linked from the top part so that the guide

page gets more page rank so that the guide

page gets ranked.  Also, let

us create the link once again.

Where can I get the link to the other success story pages from here

?  It won't happen that from the pillar page you go to the

guide, from the guide you go to the success story, from the

success story you go to the testimonials.  No,

pillar page means that links are being given to all the pages.

So again, the

link that will be given to the success story page or the

testimonial page will go

from the top part.  But it cannot happen

that the guide page also links to the pillar page

from the top part.  Because if he does

this then there will be trouble.

Let's say that 20% of the page rank was achieved through pillar pages.

You again gave back 20 page rank to the

pillar page.  If you

create a link from the top part, then

another page will be created here.  What would that second page be

?  My money page will be here.

We just talked about the money page.  Here

we have created a money page.  This is my

money page from Lets.  Ok?  There

is a money page with Dentest.  So right now the guide page will

give the guide page link.

He will give the link to the top part but to whom will he give it?  This will give money

to the page.  Ok?  The top link will go

to the money page.  Here we again make

it green.  Similarly, the

top link to the money page will also come from the success story.

Top links will also

come to the money page from testimonials.

If these guide pages or success stories

or testimonials have to be linked to the pillar pages,

then the pillar pages should also

get value from somewhere.  That link will

go from the bottom part.  The guide

will link to the pillar page from the bottom of the page.  I am

talking bottom, not footer.

Remember.  Ok?  So I will

make a link to one success story.  But this will happen

from the bottom part.  Link makes it

red.  Ok?  It will go from below.  It will

go from here down.

Ok?   All

three pages are passing the link but

passing it from the bottom part so that they can

store the link themselves.  Link value

store.  What was the benefit of giving as many links as came

?  Yes, we are giving it for the money page

because we want that

whatever SEO value and link value these pages are getting, all of it should be



transferred to the money page.  Because we want to

rank money pages.  This is the purpose, right?  The purpose is

not to rank the blog page.  The purpose is

not to rank success stories.

The purpose is not to rank the guide either.  Now

if there is a little confusion here

that friend, I got a link from the pillar page

but I passed a link to it from here.

Passed a link to him.  So don't

think like that.  Because when you create a guide page, you will

also do a backlink campaign for the guide page.

Now we will talk about backlink campaign

in the next class.  So when you

create a guide page, the guide page will

not get value from just the pillar page.  He will

get it only from external pages.  You will

also get it from the traffic that is coming.  Someone else will

provide the link.  If you go to any other page and get a link created,

it will get links from many places.

Ok?  So this guide page is going to have

links from a lot of external sources.

Its value will keep increasing automatically

and when you link the money page from here

to the top part, then automatically the

link value of this money page will increase and it will

automatically start ranking higher.

So whenever you want to give a link to any other page from guide pages

or success stories or testimo,

it will

always be given from the bottom part.  Ok?  Now

here you will see that this

structure that I have created is very upside down,

this structure is not happening in any way

that this guide page

goes and links to this page.  It will neither be black, green

nor red.  Why?  Because these are

absolutely different.  There is no way these

pages will link to each other.

Not under any conditions.  How can I link it?  Links

can be made when this pillar page

links to another pillar page.  Ok?  Now this

link will neither be green nor red.

Because if one pillar page is

linking to another pillar page then it

means let's give itence but not

everything.  So this can be linked somewhere in the middle part.  There should be

some link

which passes the value not too much.  Ok?  So



start treating link values ​​like exact numbers.  Think in your mind from

which page I am linking to which page.  The

value is going to be passed from that.

It's not about randomly linking.  And yes,

we also calculate the semantic value.

Many times we see whether this

particular page of mine is relevant to other pages

or not.

But if you have planned the content with keywords then



all the semantic values ​​will be automatically adjusted.

Because you created this pillar page

about how to find a dentist in Delhi.

So the guide that we have now is also

about finding a dentist.  The success

story is also about the dentist.   The

testimonial is also from the same dentist and the

money page is also from the same dentist.  So the

semantic value of all these is anyway the same.  You don't need to think about it.

This is happening automatically.

That is why I say again and again that

these GEO, PEO, LLMO, all these things are

fancy words in themselves.  SEO was already doing this

work automatically.  This

problem, which requires such analysis,

occurs with older websites.

Where this structure has not been

built before.  And

when we talk about website audit etc. then we will

look into other things.  But when we are creating our content

from the beginning and also

planning internal links then

you can do it very systematically.

Ok?  So now you have to go back to the content

class.  The entire

content structure that we had created there, the

different topics of content that we had created,

you must have published them by now.

After publishing, go and see if these pages are

linking to each other.

Right?  And is that link in the correct structure?

I know this internal

linking class becomes a bit heavy.  It seems a

bit confusing to understand.

But you go through the entire class two three

times and then after that note down your doubts

and ask in the next doubt session.

I will explain to you again.  So the

next doubt session class is going to be very busy.

We may cover

some more things about internal links in the next class based on your feedback.

Whatever doubts you have, please



tell us in the comment section of this class of this video so that we can run the next

class as part two of the internal link

and answer all your questions.

Ok?  So we wrap up today's class

here.  I am waiting for

you guys to ask me good questions in the comment section

so that I can cover them in the next class.

So let's wrap up the

class of internal links.  See you

in the next class where we will solve your doubts.

This will be the class before the doubt session

which we

can present as the next class.  So put all your

doubts in the comment section and we will meet

you in the next class.  Till then

keep learning, keep practicing and

keep attending all the classes.  Thank you so much

for attending this class.  My name is

Amit Tiwari from Tiwari Net and I will see

you next time.  Take Kerr.


