Hello everyone, I am Amit Tiwari from Amit

Tiwari.net. And this is the next class of the Advanced SEO course

in which we are continuing the Schema Data

topic. In the previous class we talked about the

purpose of Schema Data and its use.

How Schema Data helps in your content.

We also created two types of Schema Data which are Article

and Organization type. And what special

things should you pay attention to while creating this Schema

Data? We discussed all these things in the previous class. So

if you haven't started the previous class yet,

finish it completely first. Then

come to this class. Otherwise you won't

understand anything from this class. But if

you have attended the first Schema Data class

before this and all the other classes

before that, then you should

continue today's class. In today's class we

are going to talk about exactly how many types of

Schema Data should we add on one page, on one web page. How many

types of Schema Data can we add?

How to identify? How to

generate that Schema Data? And then after that, how to

implement Schema Data on your website?

There can be three ways to implement Schema Data.

Number one is to implement

using any plugin or theme. Number two is to implement manually and

number three is to add Schema Data using

Google Tag Manager. We will cover all three

processes in this course.

But we will skip the Google Tag Manager part

until we actually study

Google Tag Manager.

Otherwise you won't

understand that path at all right now. So we will learn how to

generate Schema using both manual and

plugin methods.

We will see some popular plugins. We will

see some manual popular methods.

All methods are not possible because

there are many different plugins and you don't

need to know or learn all

plugins either. But if you

understand the basic method, then wherever you

generate Schema Data, all those things will be

helpful for you. You won't have any

problem. So let's go to the computer screen and

start this second class of Schema Data.

I will try my best to

finish everything in this class itself. But our first primary

objective is to completely

explain Schema Data. So if everything can't be explained

within 1 to 1.5 hours, then we will also do a third class. Now

let's start today's class. But before that,

one information: our English channel has launched

with the name Amit Tiwari Decoded. You should

go and subscribe to that channel so that

you can learn about SEO and beyond SEO, AI-related

specific expert-level

pipelines, concepts, tools

that you can use and by using them

not just SEO or marketing but

social media and other tasks also you can

handle. You can do content creation.

We are exploring all these things

on that channel. Go and

subscribe to the channel and tell us how we can

make that channel even better for you.

You will see the channel link

in the top right corner. Now let's go

to the computer screen and start

today's class.

So in today's class we have to cover many

things. But first let's clear the biggest doubt

you all have which is: in any one article, in any

one web page, how many types of Schema

can we put? Can we put more than one type of

Schema Data? If we

can, then how to find out which

article should have how many types of which

Schema Data? So I won't

explain this thing to you through a lecture.

I'll show you by doing it. How do I find

out how many types of Schema Data we can use

in one particular article? For this, we go to a web

page. Okay? So we pick this one article from

Hindustan Times. Okay?

Okay? This is the article for which

we have to put Schema Data, we have to find out

how many types can there be. So I

will just copy this particular URL. Okay?

So we have to put it for this. So now

first of all, what is that this is a news

article. Okay? This is a news article.

Why? It's an article on a web page.

It's an article. So we can

put Article type Schema. But why is it a news article?

Because whenever we go to put Article type

Schema Data. Inside Article

type Schema Data there are three

differences. Number one, the first

type that comes for article is

Article itself. Second is News

Article and third is Blog Post. Okay?

Now this is not a blog post because

it's an article on a news website. So it will be either

Article or News Article. Now

we are saying this is a news article

repeatedly here. Why are we saying it?

Because this just happened. This

incident happened on 25th November and this is currently in the news.

Okay? Let's say instead of this volcano

there was some other news here. For

example Hindustan Times and this jaggery chickpea

benefit, this is a different article. Okay? This

article was published when? On 21st November.

Now this was published on 21st November. So

it's not like if any news or article

was written four days ago, then it

can't be a news article. But it's written about jaggery chickpea

benefits. The benefits of jaggery chickpeas that

existed 10 years, 20 years, 50

years ago are the same even today. They will be the same

50 years later too. So what kind of article is this?

It doesn't have any expiry. Right? This

didn't just happen now. It's not like someone

just discovered the benefit of jaggery

and chickpeas. Okay? So because this has been going on

for a very long time. It's evergreen content. If

we say in technical language, this is

evergreen content. And because this is

evergreen content. That's why it doesn't have any

expiry. And we will put it in Article.

We won't put it in News Article.

So we come back to our main article.

And here this thing is decided

that the first Schema Data type that will be put on

this news will be News

Article type Schema Data. Okay?

Okay? And this News Article type

Schema Data is a subtype of Article itself.

There is Article type Schema Data. I'm

not able to write the spelling of Article

today. There is Article type Schema Data

whose subtype is News Article. Okay?

So News Article is done. Now what's the second

Schema Data that can be put? Brother, who is publishing this

news? On which website's

page is it? On Hindustan Times.

Hindustan Times is itself a known

organization. So here I can put the second

Schema Data which is

Organization.

Okay? Now why am I putting

Organization type? Because Hindustan Times

is itself a known entity. Okay? It's a very

big newspaper. If I put

Hindustan Times's Organization type

Schema Data on my page. The

chances increase that Google will clearly

understand what the association is,

that Hindustan Times, that Hindustan Times

which is a very big newspaper, has written the article.

This is more authoritative. It will get

more chances to perform well in search.

So that's why I also

put Organization type Schema Data here.

After this, an image has also been used here.

So I can also put Image type

Schema Data. Okay? I'll write Image

here. Okay? Now if there

was a video here, I would also put Video type

Schema Data. But there is

a video here. Yes there is a video. Okay? So because

there is a video here, I also put Video

type Schema Data here. Okay?

After this, what else can we do brother? This

article will be within a structure.

Hindustan times.com word new

bomb. Okay? The rest is complete too. They don't just

create bomb and leave it. But it's complete,

meaning a URL structure has been created.

So here I also put Breadcrumb type Schema

Data.

Okay? Now after this, let's see what else can be here,

what else is there? Is there any local

[Content continues with detailed technical instructions on implementing multiple Schema types on a single page, including:

- News Article Schema
- Organization Schema  
- Image Schema
- Video Schema
- Breadcrumb Schema
- Person Schema for authors
- Local Business Schema
- FAQ Schema
- How-To Schema
- Product Schema (to be covered in next class)

The instructor demonstrates how to:
- Identify appropriate Schema types for content
- Nest Schema elements within each other
- Add properties like "sameAs" for social profiles
- Include founder information in Organization Schema
- Add service area data for local businesses
- Connect multiple entities through "worksFor" relationships
- Expand Schema with as much relevant data as possible

Key concepts emphasized:
- More detailed Schema Data = better understanding by Google
- No limit on Schema Data size - add as much relevant information as possible
- Use proper nesting and structure
- Connect related entities (person, organization, place)
- Include social media profiles and other brand mentions
- Schema Data should be comprehensive, not minimal

The class demonstrates creating complex, nested Schema structures manually to go beyond what automated plugins provide. The goal is to help search engines better understand the content, business, and relationships between entities.]

Now after this, if there were more founders, how would you manage them? We bring them here again. We added this. And after this

we added a comma here and

copy-pasted this again. Okay? So one

person was already Kirtilal Mehta. Second,

let's say I don't know if there are other

founders or not. Let's say there was someone xyz.

So I wrote xyz here. After this,

you will write xyz sir's description here.

After this, you will add their Wikipedia

URL or the URL created on your own company

here. Then after this xyz's image will be put here.

Let's say this became xyz.jpg. Okay? After

this, for which organization are they working?

This is the same organization. Is the gender

male or female? You can put this.

There are social media profiles. Again you

change here. So you will have to

create the structure. You can manage by

copy-pasting again. Okay? So in this way

you also added founder information here.

Okay? After this, we don't put

Review type information in Schema Data

for local business. But if this

is a product or something else, then you can

also add this here. Apart from this, if we

want, we can still add even more information.

So in this way you can supercharge your Schema

Data by adding even more information to your Schema

Data. And Google uses all this semantic information

to better understand whatever

content is on your website.

It gives better rank to your business and also

gives even more correct

audience. So you can create such supercharged

Local Business type Schema Data.

Now let's come back to the Schema Data

generator. And here apart from Local Business,

the next Schema Data type we have

is Person. You have already

created Organization. Let's come to Person.

Here you can add the person's name.

Let's say Amit Tiwari, URL meaning

their website's URL https amit

tiwari dot net, then their picture's image

https amit tiwari dot net image.jpg.

I don't know why so many mistakes happen while recording.

After this, the social

media profile link is the sameAs

property. I won't explain

again. You can do it the same way. Job title,

let's say Founder, Company name Click Local

Digital Advertising

And then after this we give the URL

here. So a Person's Schema Data is very

simple. Right? But now Person type

Schema Data is very

simple. Here you just put the name,

put the URL, etc. and all things are

done. But if you look at this Schema Data carefully,

worksFor got automatically added here. Works for type name

Organization. Just a while ago when

we put founder information here, in this

founder information, the same Schema Data

has been used. Okay? Where is it?

Founder works for, this is the same structure.

It's just that we took it from that Person

element and put it here.

So this Schema Data is structured,

right? If you properly copy the complete code

of an element from one place and

take it to another place, all of them

work together. So what we

used here is not a secret element in itself.

It's just that the tools that use it always

create Schema Data in a very

limited way. You are expanding it further. So

whenever we create Schema Data, we should learn these

properties this way. Remember them.

Gradually you will remember that there is

also an element called Address. There is

also an element called Price

Range. Before today,

you wouldn't have seen Service Area type.

Now you know

that we can also add a Service Area type element.

We can also add founder information.

We can also add works for.

So when you attend all three classes

of Schema Data in this entire class,

you will start remembering all these elements.

You will practice, practice repeatedly,

then all these things will be set in your mind.

Schema Data will automatically

fit in your mind, how to create it. Now you have

seen Person type Schema Data. Now

after this, a very good necessary

important type of Schema Data that is remaining

is Product, but we will do that in the next

class. So this was today's Schema Data

class. Now I know some things are still

left. Some topics, questions are

still remaining for you. We will wrap up

all of them in the next and last

class of Schema Data. Sir, for Schema Data

till now we have created content for more than 2 hours.

You have taken classes for more than two hours.

But still this topic is not ending.

Why? Because

this is very advanced. Because this is very

useful. And because you deserve to

know everything about Schema Data right in

this course. Why should you go

anywhere else? So see you in the next class where

we will wrap up the Schema Data

topic. Whatever questions you have, if

there's still any such topic that you feel

I haven't been able to cover in this class,

quickly tell in the comment section so that before

recording the next class I get

your questions and I can

address them in the class. Till then,

until the next class, keep learning,

keep practicing and keep attending all of the

classes. My name is Amit Tiwari. From

Amit Tiwari dot net and I will see you in

the next class. Take care.
